<|startofarticle|>LEAD: To the Editor:
To the Editor:
The mass evacuation of 35,000 civilians (news story, June 13) is the largest exodus of people in the Philippines since World War II. The continuous employment of strategic hamleting as a counterinsurgency method is not a pocket phenomenon in that country. There were more than 200,000 internal refugees as of 1988.
Contrary to the altruistic and benign image projected by Gen. Fidel V. Ramos, the Sipalay forced evacuation is a reflection of governmental lawlessness. The suffering of the refugees was primarily caused by the Government's indiscriminate use of full-scale and ground assaults employing helicopter gunships, army artillery, grenade launchers and continuous and random mortar shelling to bomb an entire area to clear suspected rebel strongholds. The Government, in not observing immunity from attack for the civilian population, is violating the laws of armed warfare accepted by civilized nations.
The tactics of strategic hamleting and saturation bombing failed in Vietnam and will not succeed in the Philippines. ARNEDO S. VALERA  New York, June 26, 1989
The writer is a member of a Philippine lawyers' human rights group.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>HALPERN-Dick. To a wonderful man, companion and lover of all things. May he decorate the heavens the way he decorated our lives. We will all miss him. Steve, Lynne and Lillian<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Under pressure from the United States and their own Government, Japan's giant utility companies said today that they would stop importing uranium from South Africa,a large supplier of fuel for Japanese nuclear power.
Under pressure from the United States and their own Government, Japan's giant utility companies said today that they would stop importing uranium from South Africa,a large supplier of fuel for Japanese nuclear power.
The move came as a relief to the Government, which has been embarrassed in diplomatic circles by Japan's recent rise to South Africa's leading trading partner.
Although Japan has imposed limited trading sanctions on South Africa to protest the Pretoria Government's apartheid policy, the bans have never extended to ''strategic materials.'' Uranium is vital to Japan, which depends on nuclear energy for more than a quarter of its electricity. Change in Purchasing Pattern
Energy analysts here suggested that the utilities, by acting on their own rather than as a result of Government decree, left open the possibility of resuming purchases of South African uranium if they were unable to find sufficient supplies elsewhere.
Japanese utility officials said they would make up for the South African uranium, which has accounted for about 11 percent of Japan's uranium imports, by increasing purchases from Australia, Canada and the United States. Some South African uranium used in Japan is processed in the United States, an official of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission said today.
American imports of South African uranium ore were banned in 1986. But Congress left a loophole under which uranium that has been partly processed could be imported regardless of its source. Issue of Fuel From Namibia
And the United States imports partly processed uranium that is further processed before being exported to Japan.
Several Japanese companies said they would stop buying uranium oxide from the RTZ Corporation, formerly called the Rio Tinto-Zinc Corporation, a British-controlled mining company with huge holdings in Namibia. The utilities are reported to be suspicious that much of the fuel they buy from RTZ is exported from Namibia, which is governed by South Africa in defiance of a United Nations resolution.
But the world's largest private utility, the Tokyo Electric Power Company, said today that RTZ had assured it that the fuel it ships to Japan comes from other sources. Tokyo Electric said it would still buy from RTZ.
The utilities made their announcement after nearly two years of pressure not to buy South African uranium. Several long-term purchase contracts will expire next year, and Tokyo officials were anxious that the contracts not be renewed.
Assessing the effect of the utilities' decision on South Africa's uranium mines is difficult. According to Government estimates, Japanese utilities have long-term contracts for about 203,000 tons of uranium, and about 22,000 come from South Africa. The value of the contracts has not been disclosed, and the negotiated prices vary.
The extent of Japan's business dealings with South Africa has been debated, sometimes fervently, behind the scenes. There is little public discussion of apartheid here, and few protests, but its allies have urged Japan to curtail its trade with South Africa. Still, many people believe that the Government lacks the political will to force businesses to curb their activities.
Many Japanese companies, from electronics producers to automobile makers, have replaced American and European concerns that have withdrawn from South Africa or cut back operations there. For example, Japan has captured more than half of South Africa's mainframe computer market, although its market share in the United States and Europe is much smaller. Trade between Japan and South Africa has been estimated at more than $3 billion in the first nine months of 1988.
Two years ago, Japan banned iron and steel imports from South Africa and suspended tourist visas for South African nationals. But it exempted products like coal and iron ore and merely advised power companies to look elsewhere to buy ''strategic products'' used in generating nuclear energy.
Japan has no uranium deposits of its own and limited capacity to enrich the mineral.
The four concerns that acted today are the Kansai, Tohoku, Chubu and Chugoku electric power companies, which are expected to have combined revenues of more than $40 billion this year.
Some of the utilities took pains to avoid mentioning apartheid as a reason for their action. ''Our decision is not necessarily in response to MITI's request,'' a spokesman for Chubu Electric said. ''But new supply sources have recently appeared, and we found a more diversified and economical supply.''
Virtually none of the South African uranium is shipped directly to Japan. Most is purchased as uranium hexafluoride and shipped to the United States or France for enrichment. Thus, the exact source of the uranium deposits is sometimes difficult to determine. That is the problem with purchases from RTZ, which has many mining holdings.  How U.S. Law Works
Although imports of South African uranium oxide were prohibited by the Comprehensive Anti-Apartheid Act of 1986, the law ''left out some common forms of uranium,'' Marvin R. Peterson, assistant director for international security at the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, said yesterday.
The most important form not mentioned in the law is uranium hexafluoride, a liquid or gas made from powdered uranium ore. Fuel producers convert the material to uranium hexafluoride so it can be sorted into fissionable and non-fissionable forms.
The United States performs this sorting, known as enrichment, for a number of countries. Japan is the biggest single foreign customer of the United States for enrichment, Mr. Peterson said. American-enriched uranium accounts for about half of that country's needs.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>CARRAGAN-Craig S., 80. Died March 26, lifelong resident of Greenwich, CT. Former Corporate Director of Marketing for National Biscuit Company. Survived by two sons, Ehrick K. of West Tisbury, MA, and Craig S. Jr. of Southbury, CT, and two grandchildren.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Mayor Michael Bloomberg wants to shove two major changes in the city's charter onto this November's ballot. There's no reason for this sense of urgency. New York has plenty of other problems that are far more pressing than changing the charter.
The two key points endorsed by Mayor Bloomberg are a change in mayoral succession and a move to nonpartisan city elections, a shift of more seismic proportions in a vigorously partisan city like New York. The mayor argues that there have been plenty of studies about nonpartisan elections, and plenty of experience in other cities where the system works well. But in New York City, there has not been much public awareness, let alone public debate, and a series of hearings in the dog days of August is not likely to change that. Next year's ballot, which will focus on City Council races, is a more appropriate time to raise the idea. Waiting will also give the city time to seek the approval of the Justice Department, which otherwise could decide to nullify the whole idea after the fact.
On the matter of succession, Mr. Bloomberg wants a mayoral appointee -- the deputy mayor -- to take over if the mayor is incapacitated or resigns. He also wants a new election in two or three months. As it works now, the public advocate would step in, but it could be over a year before the voters get to pick a permanent mayor. It makes sense to shorten the time to three months when voters can choose a mayoral replacement. But in that interim, the public advocate, who is elected citywide like the mayor, should step into the top job. The continuity of day-to-day operations that Mr. Bloomberg worries about would best be achieved by allowing the deputy mayor to continue filling that post.
In some ways, the mayor has started the charter revision process in a more professional manner than in recent years. Many of the members of his charter commission are more independent than those who rubber-stamped Mayor Rudolph Giuliani's charter changes in previous years. A few of the Bloomberg commission members certainly have the public interest at heart, and we hope they will resist efforts to hurry city voters in ways they might come to regret.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Canton, Conn.  $130,000
53 Gildersleeve Avenue  3-bedroom, 1-bath, 43-year-old cape cod; hardwood floors, aluminum siding, needs work, 0.66 acre; taxes $2,548. Stamford, Conn.  $325,000
33 Redmont Road  4-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath, 26-year-old colonial; large family room, new roof, skylights, 0.5 acre; taxes $4,273. Wallingford, Conn.  $231,500
264 Highland Avenue  4-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath, 7-year-old colonial; trilevel deck, 2-car attached garage, skylights, 0.66 acre; taxes $3,394. Lewisboro, N.Y.  $140,500
226 Lakeside Drive  1-bedroom, 1-bath, duplex condominium; fireplace, deck, dining room, loft, storage room; common charges $206, taxes $3,066. Harrison N.Y.  $1.45 million
5 Flagler Drive  5-bedroom, 7 1/2-bath, 9-year-old contemporary; den, game room, wet bar, wine cellar, whirlpool, 1.2 acres; taxes $21,815. Port Chester, N.Y.  $280,000
60 Sylvan Road  3-bedroom, 3-bath, 37-year-old split-level ranch; dining room, eat-in kitchen, family room, 2-car garage; taxes $5,823. OTHER AREAS Baiting Hollow, L.I.  $115,000
97 Sound Avenue  3-bedroom, 1-bath, 42-year-old Cape Cod; dining room, basement, 2-car garage, 0.5 acres; taxes $3,200. Coram, L.I.  $125,000
51 Thomas Street  4-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath, 20-year-old colonial; dining room, eat-in kitchen, den, 2-car garage; taxes $4,800. Barnegat, N.J.  $225,000
123 Clifton Road  4-bedroom, 3-bath, 5-year-old contemporary; bayfront, large deck, fireplace; taxes $5,018.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Douglas Faneuil, the former stockbroker's assistant who is the pivotal witness in the Martha Stewart trial, described an elaborate cover-up yesterday that began soon after he tipped Ms. Stewart over the telephone to sell her shares of ImClone Systems.
It started, he said, with a claim that she made the trade to balance profits from other stock sales. That was soon substituted, Mr. Faneuil said, with another explanation: that she sold because of an existing agreement to do so if the share price fell below $60.
His testimony buttressed the government's argument that the two defendants -- Ms. Stewart and her former stockbroker, Peter E. Baconovic -- concocted the $60-a-share story for Ms. Stewart's trade. It could be the most damaging testimony for both Ms. Stewart, who watched in silence, and for Mr. Bacanovic. Both are being tried on charges that include conspiracy and obstruction of justice. Mr. Bacanovic is also charged with making false documents, perjury and false statements. Ms. Stewart is charged with false statements and securities fraud.
The sale of 3,928 ImClone shares on the afternoon of Dec. 27, 2001, took place one day before ImClone announced disappointing news about its major drug, which sent the share price into a downward spiral.
In Federal District Court in Manhattan, Mr. Faneuil also described what it was like to go along with what he said was a lie, receiving perks like a free dinner and extra vacation time from Merrill Lynch supervisors, until he finally decided, in June 2002, to tell the truth.
A harsh cross-examination by a lawyer for Mr. Bacanovic did little to balance the day for the defense. At one point, the lawyer, David Apfel, asked Mr. Faneuil if he had taken acting lessons before appearing in court, and Mr. Faneuil responded, ''No, absolutely not.'' And Mr. Apfel dug at Mr. Faneuil's participation in the cover-up.
Mr. Faneuil had a ready answer, telling the lawyer, ''It did not sound kosher,'' referring to the tip he gave Ms. Stewart. However, he added, ''I never dreamed Peter would tell me to do anything criminal.''
Defense lawyers are seeking to taint Mr. Faneuil as a liar and also as a drug user whose account of the events leading to the ImClone trade may not be reliable, in part because he has a cooperation agreement with the government and faces sentencing for his guilty plea to a misdemeanor charge. In a hearing without the jury present, Judge Miriam Goldman Cedarbaum listened to arguments about whether Mr. Faneuil could be questioned about his drug use, which included marijuana and Ecstasy, during the period that he worked at Merrill Lynch. She ruled that the defense could ask some questions about it. Mr. Faneuil told the jury emphatically that he had never used drugs during the day and had smoked marijuana about once a month.
During Mr. Faneuil's testimony, the jury seemed spellbound as he described conversations with his boss, government officials and Ms. Stewart herself, from the cubicles of Merrill Lynch to the glossy interior of the Dean & DeLuca at Rockefeller Center. He appeared boyishly earnest as he tried to explain his shifting accounts to investigators.
''I felt the cover-up was part of my daily existence, and I just couldn't take it anymore,'' he said.
He also portrayed Mr. Bacanovic as a man enchanted with Ms. Stewart, one of his biggest clients. At one point, he told the jury, Mr. Bacanovic pulled out a copy of a photograph from a Martha Stewart magazine published in 2000, in which he was part of a group seated around a long table, everyone in pink or blue bathrobes. ''Isn't it great?'' Mr. Faneuil quoted him as saying.
On Tuesday, Mr. Faneuil testified that on the day of the trade Mr. Bacanovic told him to expect a call from Ms. Stewart and that he should tell her that members of the Waksal family, major shareowners of ImClone, were selling their stock. Yesterday he elaborated on that call, saying Ms. Stewart's first question was, ''What's going on with Sam?''
She was referring to Samuel D. Waksal, then the chief executive of ImClone, who was also her close friend. Mr. Faneuil told her, ''We have no news about the company, but we thought you might like to act on the information that Sam is selling all his shares.'' Ms. Stewart replied, ''All his shares?'' according to Mr. Faneuil. He told her he did not think every share Dr. Waksal owned was held in a Merrill account, but that the executive was trying to sell everything that was there. Then, Ms. Stewart asked about the trading price, and declared, ''I want to sell all of my shares,'' according to Mr. Faneuil. The price was $58.4325 a share, according to a document the government introduced as evidence.
When he offered to send an e-mail message to her assistant, Ann Armstrong, he said, Ms. Stewart reacted strongly. ''She got extremely upset,'' he told the court. ''She said, 'Absolutely not, you have no right to tell Ann Armstrong about my personal transactions,''' he said. So he wound up sending the message to Ms. Stewart's personal e-mail address.
He got the address from Mr. Bacanovic, whom he called soon after the trade went through. ''He said, 'Did you call?' I said yes,'' Mr. Faneuil told the court. ''He said, 'What did you tell her?' I said, 'I told her Sam was trying to sell.' He said, 'Did she sell?' I said yes.''
Four days later, people at Merrill were starting to ask about the ImClone trade, Mr. Faneuil testified. So he called Mr. Bacanovic. ''Peter said it was tax-loss selling, the reason for Martha's sale was tax-loss selling,'' Mr. Faneuil said, imitating Mr. Bacanovic's voice.
An objection from Robert G. Morvillo, Ms. Stewart's lawyer, saying he didn't like ''the acting,'' earned the lawyer a rebuke from the judge.
Mr. Faneuil said he tried to discuss the trade with Mr. Bacanovic, but could not get a word in: ''He just kept saying it was tax-loss selling. He wouldn't let me speak at all. Finally, there was silence. And he said, 'O.K.?' I said, O.K.''
Judge Cedarbaum asked him to explain why the trade was not tax-loss selling. Mr. Faneuil replied: ''Tax-loss selling is a carefully executed plan that has to be followed carefully. It would never be a last-minute, impulsive thing, and furthermore, it resulted in a gain.''
He also told of receiving a telephone call a few days later from Ms. Stewart's business manager, Heidi DeLuca, who demanded to know ''what the hell is going on with this ImClone trade?'' He quoted her as saying: ''It completely screwed up our tax-loss selling. We had everything down to zero. She wasn't going to have to pay taxes.''
The story was soon changed, however, by Mr. Bacanovic, who was in Florida, according to Mr. Faneuil. Over the phone, the broker said to him, ''The reason for Martha's trade was, we came up with a stop-loss order,'' to sell at $60. ''He just continued to repeat it, and made me feel I couldn't say anything.''
Asked if there had been any mention of a stop-loss order on Ms. Stewart's shares before then, Mr. Faneuil replied, ''It was the first time ever.''
When Mr. Bacanovic returned to New York in early January 2002, he invited Mr. Faneuil out to Dean & DeLuca, near their office building. Mr. Faneuil said he tried to bring up Ms. Stewart's stock trade, but Mr. Bacanovic stopped him.
''I told him, I was there, I was on the phone, I know what happened,'' Mr. Faneuil said. ''He put his hand on my shoulder, and said, 'With all due respect, no, you don't.''' By then, both had been interviewed by investigators for the Securities and Exchange Commission, and Mr. Faneuil was growing concerned, he said.
''Don't worry,'' he said Mr. Bacanovic told him. ''I've got everything under control.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>WHILE the nation's central bankers appear convinced that the economy can continue to grow briskly without kicking up inflation fears, a growing number of money managers are not so sure.
Many financial planners say that for prudent investors, now is the time to deal with inflation -- before prices actually spike.
A December survey of U.S. fund managers by Merrill Lynch found that 71 percent thought that inflation would increase in the coming 12 months, up from just 36 percent who thought so in August. And more than a third said in December that they believed that monetary policy was too stimulative, versus only 11 percent who said so in July.
''The Fed's motto has gone from WIN, as in 'Whip Inflation Now,' to SIN, as in 'Start Inflation Now,''' said Don Ross, chief investment officer for National City Investment Management, based in Cleveland.
That view, of course, runs counter to the position of the Federal Reserve. Last week, Ben S. Bernanke, a Federal Reserve governor, reiterated that the Fed's ''unusually accommodative'' stance on interest rates was justified, despite concerns that the economy was recovering much faster than had been expected. (The consensus forecast is for gross domestic product to grow at an annual rate of 4.4 percent this year.)
Mr. Bernanke said that productivity gains and a weak labor market were keeping inflation at bay. ''For now, I believe that the Federal Reserve has the luxury of being patient,'' he told a gathering of the American Economic Association in San Diego.
Recent economic data appear to support his argument, at least for the short term. Core consumer prices fell 0.1 percent in November, after climbing just 0.2 percent in October. Given the absence of wage pressures, Mark Zandi, chief economist of Economy.com, said, ''It's hard to see inflation being a major issue for 2004.'' Like Mr. Zandi, Mr. Ross said he thinks that inflation won't become a real concern until 2005.
But there are signs that inflationary pressure is simmering. The spread between the yield on 10-year Treasury inflation-protected securities, or TIPS, and 10-year, non-indexed Treasuries has widened to 2.3 percentage points, from 1.7 in June.
''It's a signal that inflation expectations are moving higher,'' said Daniel O. Shackelford, co-manager of the T. Rowe Price Inflation Protected Bond fund.
Commodity prices, meanwhile, have continued to boom. And though prices for finished goods are stable, producer prices for crude goods were up more than 18 percent in November versus the same period in 2002, according to the Labor Department.
Another factor that could drive prices higher, economists say, is further weakness in the dollar, which could increase the cost of imported goods for American consumers.
''I think we're going to have more inflation than almost everybody expects,'' said John Bollinger, president of Bollinger Capital Management, based in Manhattan Beach, Calif. Given the enormous amount of monetary and fiscal stimulus injected into the economy in the past two years, Mr. Bollinger said he thought that the nation could be headed toward 3 to 4 percent inflation in 2004, with an ''outside chance of seeing it north of 4 percent.''
John Caldwell, chief investment strategist for the McDonald Financial Group, based in Cleveland, said he thought that was a bit high. Still, Mr. Caldwell said strong economic growth and the Fed's willingness to keep short-term rates low could produce inflation of more than 2.5 percent this year.
That would be a jump from present levels. The core Consumer Price Index, which excludes food and energy, rose only 1.1 percent over the past 12 months.
''People underestimate the impact of even modest inflation in a modest-return environment,'' said Harold Evensky, a financial planner in Coral Gables, Fla. He argues that while 3 percent inflation may be tolerable in a period of 20 percent gains in equity prices, 3 percent inflation can quickly dent a portfolio earning just 6 or 7 percent annually.
Many financial planners are advising investors to start preparing their portfolios for a possible climb in prices.
''Since every talking head on the news and in print says they aren't worried about inflation, you better have it on your radar,'' says Marilyn Cohen, president of Envision Capital Management in Los Angeles.
''You don't have to change the asset classes you invest in,'' Ms. Cohen said. ''You just have to change the way those assets are invested.''
For instance, she recommends that bond investors shorten the overall duration or maturities of their fixed-income investments. For those who invest in bond funds, that means going from long-term portfolios to intermediate- and short-term funds.
As for traditional inflation hedges like gold, financial planners say it is important to weigh their risks, just as investors should weigh the risk of inflation itself.
For instance, gold and basic materials stocks already enjoyed substantial run-ups in 2003 as the economy began to rebound. Gold recently shot up to more than $430 an ounce, its highest level in a decade and a half.
Shares of basic-materials companies, which stand to benefit from rising prices -- had a 35 percent return, on average, in 2003. These stocks are now trading at 24 times 2004 earnings, making this sector the second most expensive in the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index, after technology.
An alternative is inflation-protected bonds, or TIPS. Created in 1997, these Treasury securities are backed by the full faith and credit of the federal government, as are other Treasury instruments. But unlike a traditional bond, with a fixed principal value, these securities have a principal amount that rises with inflation. So if you invest $1,000 in a 10-year TIP and inflation kicks up 10 percent over the next decade, you will get back $1,100 at maturity, in addition to the interest payments along the way.
Because investors must pay federal taxes annually not only on interest payments but also on the periodic inflation-adjustments made to the bond's principal (even though investors don't receive this so-called phantom income until redemption), financial planners recommend investing in TIPS through a tax-advantaged account.
I-Bonds, United States savings bonds that also offer inflation protection, are not tax-disadvantaged in this way. That means you do not receive interest from these savings bonds until you redeem them. They can be bought for as little as $50 at a bank or directly from the Treasury. But these savings bonds aren't that compelling today, because I-Bonds bought from now to April are yielding only 2.19 percent, less than the yield for the average two-year certificate of deposit.
Money managers caution against ignoring the risks in TIPS, which are a relatively new asset class. ''We should dispel the notion that you can't lose money in this investment,'' said John Hollyer, co-manager of the Vanguard Inflation-Protected Securities fund, which invests in a variety of TIPS.
Eric Jacobson, an analyst at Morningstar who follows TIPS funds, notes that when interest rates spiked in July, inflation-protected bond funds lost 4.8 percent of their value that month. For 2003 over all, TIPS funds, which invest in government inflation-indexed bonds of varying maturities, produced an average gain of 7.7 percent. And over the past three years, the average TIPS fund delivered annualized returns of 10.4 percent, which explains their popularity in recent years, despite low inflation.
Investors need to be aware of interest rate risk with these bonds, Mr. Jacobson said. For instance, if real interest rates --market rates minus the rate of inflation -- spike, the underlying price of TIPS could easily fall again, as it did in July. Sticking with intermediate-term TIPS funds, instead of long-term portfolios, may reduce but not eliminate this risk. TIPS investors may also be hurt if market interest rates rise in anticipation of inflation that never comes. If commodity prices continue to climb and the economy shows signs of accelerating, the bond market could sell off, pushing long-term market interest rates higher, even if the Fed kept short-term rates low.
But if the bond market is wrong and inflation stays low, real rates would still climb, threatening the underlying value of TIPS.
STILL, C. Casey Colton, manager of the American Century Inflation-Adjusted Bond fund, argues that if market interest rates rise alongside even modest inflation, TIPS funds are likely to do better than traditional Treasury bond funds. That is because ''real rates would rise at a slower rate than nominal rates,'' Mr. Colton said.
The average expense ratio of the 18 TIPS funds tracked by Morningstar is 0.51 percent of assets, which is competitive with other bond fund categories. But the Vanguard Inflation-Protected Securities fund charges just 0.22 percent. And Barclays Global Investors recently started an exchange-traded fund -- an index fund that trades like a stock on the New York Stock Exchange -- that tracks the TIPS market. That fund, called iShares Lehman TIPS Bond, has an expense ratio of 0.20 percent.
Perhaps TIPS investors would face their biggest risk if the economy grew as quickly as some people now expect, and without much inflation.
''In that case,'' said Mr. Shackelford at T. Rowe Price, ''there's an argument to be made that real yields offered by TIPS would start to look too low relative to returns offered by other assets'' -- namely stocks.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Freitag, a Swiss company known for recycling highway signs, truck tarpaulins, tires and seat belts into bags, has created 300 one-of-a-kind tote bags made from outdoor exhibition banners from the Museum Of Modern Art (where earlier Freitag products are represented in the design collection).
The bags, which come in scores of colors and patterns, are handmade, waterproof and strong enough to carry heavy things like a pile of magazines or logs for a fireplace. Once the stores sell out of them, some may join other Freitag bags for sale on eBay. Each bag is $90 at MoMA's Design Stores, 44 West 53rd Street, (212) 767-1050 or 81 Spring Street (Crosby Street), (646) 613-1367.
MARIANNE ROHRLICH
CURRENTS: RECYCLING<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: The Montreal Expos thrive on working overtime. ''These guys think they can't be beaten in extra innings,'' Manager Buck Rodgers said after his team had defeated the Los Angeles Dodgers, 3-2, in 10 innings today.
The Montreal Expos thrive on working overtime. ''These guys think they can't be beaten in extra innings,'' Manager Buck Rodgers said after his team had defeated the Los Angeles Dodgers, 3-2, in 10 innings today.
The Expos were 12-1 in extra-inning games last season and are 6-1 this year.
Hubie Brooks came through with the game-winning hit, a bases-loaded single with one out in the 10th inning that scored Luis Rivera.
Rivera, a .214 hitter, opened the 10th by singling to left off Jay Howell (2-1), who had just entered the game in relief of Fernando Valenzuela.
Howell's throw to second base on a sacrifice bunt by a pinch-hitter, Wallace Johnson, was too late and the Expos had runners on first and second with none out.
After Tim Raines flied out, Rivera stole third, his first steal of the season, and Mitch Webster was walked intentionally to set up a force at the plate. But Brooks hit a bouncer on the first pitch beyond the reach of the third baseman Pedro Guerrero. Jeff Parrett (4-1) pitched two innings for the victory.
Valenzuela limited the Expos to four hits and held a 2-1 lead with two out and none on in the ninth inning. Braves 2, Cardinals 1
ATLANTA (AP) - Rick Mahler went seven innings for his sixth consecutive victory in a 20-day span and Ken Oberkfell drove in one run and scored another as Atlanta edged St. Louis.
Mahler (6-4) allowed eight hits, struck out two and walked none in ending the Cardinals' winning streak at three games and outdueling St. Louis's ace, John Tudor (1-1). Two of Mahler's victories in the streak came in relief.
Bruce Sutter came on after Vince Coleman led off the eighth with a single and posted his seventh save. Pirates 5, Reds 2
Barry Bonds hit a homer for the deciding run and Bobby Bonilla drove in one run and scored another for Pittsburgh.
Bonilla figured in each of the Pirates' first two runs. He singled and scored on Darnell Coles's double in the second, then doubled home Bonds in the third for a 2-1 lead.
Bonds hit his 11th homer in the fifth inning off Tom Browning (2-2) to give Pittsburgh a 3-1 lead in the fifth. That put him in a four-way tie for the National League lead with Bonilla, Darryl Strawberry of the Mets and Andre Dawson of the Chicago Cubs.
Bob Walk (5-3) scattered four hits over six innings. Cubs 14, Astros 7
CHICAGO (AP) - Shawon Dunston had four hits, including a two-run triple, and Rafael Palmeiro hit two home runs to lead a 19-hit attack for Chicago.
The loss was the fourth in a row for Houston and the first this season for Mike Scott (6-1), who lasted only four innings. Calvin Schiraldi (3-2) was the winner in his first start since coming off the 15-day disabled list.
Every starter in the Chicago lineup had at least one hit. The 19 hits were a season high for the Cubs. Phillies 4, Giants 3
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - Von Hayes hit a home run off Randy Bockus with two out in the bottom of the 10th for Philadelphia.
Bockus (0-1), the fifth Giants pitcher, had retired the first two batters before Hayes hit a 3-1 pitch over the right-field fence for his fourth homer of the season. Greg Harris (1-1), the third Phillies pitcher, pitched one scoreless inning for the victory.
BASEBALL: NATIONAL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Keep On Partying
The party was for DR. NEAL NATHANSON, director of the Office of AIDS Research at the National Institutes of Health, and DR. PETER PIOT, director of UNAIDS, a United Nations unit.
The word from the American Foundation for AIDS Research was that it would be the last party at the town house of one of its founders, DR. MATHILDE KRIM. Dr. Krim, who has lived in the Upper East Side house for 38 years, is moving to an apartment, she said.
''It lends itself to socializing here,'' she said, but she decided to sell after her husband, the entertainment lawyer Arthur B. Krim, died in 1995. She said that because of confidentiality agreements in the sale documents, she could not name the buyer or discuss the price.
The new apartment will be smaller, but that will not stop her. ''I can give parties in other places,'' she said.
Rock and Slurp
In the new Times Square, even the venerable Howard Johnson's draws a trendy crowd. On Wednesday, the actor CHRIS NOTH, the soccer star ALEXI LALAS and dozens of other fans of the rock band Hootie and the Blowfish packed the orange vinyl banquettes, ate fried clams and slurped milkshakes after a performance by the group at Roseland.
Yes, the Howard Johnson's. In the words of the band's lead singer, DARIUS RUCKER, ''It gives the party a down-home feel.''
But the Howard Johnson regulars were bewildered. EVAN WARMINGTON, who served his first drink there when Richard M. Nixon was President, assessed things as he squirted a dollop of fake whipped cream onto a coffee shake. ''I do like Hootie's music,'' he said, ''but I must say, I've never seen a crowd order this many milkshakes. At most parties people tend to order cocktails.''
Mr. Rucker, holding a shot glass of tequila in one hand and a beer in the other, talked about performing at a fund-raiser for President Clinton last month in East Hampton, N.Y. ''We must have played for over two hours,'' he said. ''Clinton's still the man.'' As for censure, resignation, impeachment and Monica Lewinsky, he said, ''It's a shame we even have to be discussing it.''
Multi-use Speech
MIKE WALLACE, a correspondent on the CBS News magazine ''60 Minutes,'' agreed to give a speech after he receives an honorary degree at a ceremony marking the opening of the new School of Journalism, Media and Information Studies at Queens College next month. (The school will also award a degree posthumously to Richard Clurman, the longtime chief of correspondents for Time magazine.)
The title of Mr. Wallace's speech will be ''The Press: Credible or Incredible?''
It sounds so timely, but timeless is a better word.
''This is a speech I've been making for 20 years,'' Mr. Wallace said. ''It's the all-purpose title. It was Watergate coverage, I remember. It was Vietnam coverage. It was civil rights coverage. It is Clinton coverage. One size fits all.''
If you are young and you used to date somebody famous, you can be a clothes designer. SHOSHANNA LONSTEIN, the former girlfriend of JERRY SEINFELD, all but upstaged MARC JACOBS, the designer of Louis Vuitton's new ready-to-wear collection, at the opening of Vuitton's new store in SoHo on Tuesday -- and her first runway show was not until Wednesday, at Gen-Art. But there was Ms. Lonstein at Vuitton, wearing a tightly laced black eyelet bustier that would not have looked out of place on the cover of a romance novel. Of the clothes in her line she said, ''They are for people of any age who want to be comfortable and a little daring.''
JAMES BARRON<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>YEN REBOUNDS.  Japan's currency jumped 2 percent on views that the central bank was trying to raise its value by buying yen and selling dollars. In New York, the dollar fell to 143.47 yen from an eight-year high of 146.15 Monday.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Karen Ratazzi-Stein is a potter, a painter and the director of education at the Garrison Art Center. But a course she will give at Boscobel Restoration in Garrison next Saturday will focus on cookies. From 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. she will offer a ''Master Class in Gingerbread Decorating.''
''I want to demystify the confectionary art and make it fun,'' she said.
Ms. Ratazzi-Stein, who sells her cookies to local companies, said the techniques she will discuss include creating the illusion of movement; creating three-dimensional figures and using egg glazes for a hard, shiny texture. She will also deliver a short history of gingerbread cookies that should provide conversation the holiday season.
Reservations can be made by calling (845) 265-3638, extension 115.
The course costs $35, or $30 for Boscobel members, which Ms. Ratazzi-Stein said not only pays for her teaching and recipes, but for the cookies.
''I sell my cookies for at least $3 each,'' she said. ''They're probably going home with $30 worth, and they'll be able to make limitless amounts at home.''
SAM LUBELL
BY THE WAY<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Fierce winds yesterday peeled a mammoth vinyl advertisement off the Times Square building famous for the New Year's Eve ball drop, injuring three women with falling debris and prompting the police to close a wide swath of midtown Manhattan.
The wind, which gusted to 40 miles an hour, made the tattered remnants of the billboard difficult to secure. Officials, concerned that more debris would dislodge from the building, closed the surrounding streets.
''There was metal debris flying all over the place,'' said Police Officer James Gampel, one of the first at the scene, who tried to warn people. ''Some people were scattering.''
To keep traffic out of the area, the police closed Broadway and Seventh Avenue from 57th to 41st Streets. Crosstown traffic was barred from 41st to 43d Streets between Avenue of the Americas and Eighth Avenue.
Pedestrians were kept off the same crosstown streets, although they were allowed on parts of 41st and 43d Streets. The streets were reopened at 10 last night.
The flapping billboard, for Nokia mobile telephones, snapped off pieces of lighting fixtures that illuminate the advertisements at night, the police said. The women who were injured had been walking on the south side of the building at 1 Times Square around 1:15 P.M.; all three were hit by the same 12-foot aluminum rod.
Donna Ross, a police traffic agent, lay on the ground bleeding after being struck on her shoulder and back.  The police said the other women hurt were Jane Hughes, 49, of Danielsville, Pa., who received 12 stitches for a gash on the side of her head, and Connie Farr, 51, of Calverton, N.Y., who was cut on the hand.
Both worked in midtown and were on their way to lunch. After they were knocked down, police officers carried them to a nearby subway entrance to protect them from other projectiles. All three were treated at Bellevue Hospital Center and released.
It was the second time in eight months that a building mishap at the ill-starred intersection forced a massive closing to traffic and pedestrians. Parts of 43d Street and the surrounding area were closed for up to four weeks last summer after a woman in the Woodstock Hotel was killed by scaffolding that collapsed across the street at 4 Times Square, the Conde Nast building.
Yesterday, metal chunks kept tumbling past the famous news zipper at 1 Times Square and clattering down into the street. The police officers at the scene said one piece shattered the back window of a patrol car and another falling metal pole pierced the roof of an unoccupied white Coca-Cola van.
The van remained parked at the scene, a powerful visual aid to the police diverting pedestrians.
''Look at the Coca-Cola van behind me with the projectile in it,'' one officer bellowed to gathered pedestrians through a bullhorn. ''That's not a normal situation.''
To get to the remnants of the huge vinyl sheet still flapping in the wind and the loosened lighting fixtures high up on the building, about 10 firefighters from the Fire Department's rescue unit scaled down its sides from the roof.
They were secured by body harnesses as they inched down the side of the building, gathering in the heavy-duty plastic. The brackets holding it had also loosened and had to be brought down.
Subway service was not affected although some entrances and exits could not be used. The police said that no theater performances were canceled although some ticketholders had to make long detours.
''We are thankful that what could have been a terrible tragedy has been somewhat contained,'' said Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, who visited the injured women at Bellevue and went to the scene. ''Now it's going to take a while to fix it up and to figure out why that particular advertisement came loose.''
The building, a skinny, 22-story tower originally built in 1904 to house The New York Times, is virtually empty except for the Warner Brothers Studio Store that occupies the first three floors. But it is known as an advertising gold mine because it features so prominently in the intersection sometimes called ''the crossroads of the world.''
The Jamestown group, a German investment firm, bought the building in 1997 from Lehman Brothers for about $110 million, a sum that reflected the massive redevelopment in the area.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>SEX  HETEROSEXUALITY  By William H. Masters, Virginia E. Johnson and Robert C. Kolodny. HarperCollins, $27.50.
There is something -- how to say it? -- refreshing about "Heterosexuality," the new survey of sexual relations by William H. Masters, Virginia E. Johnson and their longtime collaborator, Robert C. Kolodny. From Chapter 1 ("Love and Intimacy") to Chapters 16 and 17 ("Sex and Aging" and "Affairs"), if your relationships are not "problematic," this soothing artifact is for you. The authors apply their trademarked clinical detachment to tips for the physical side, draw liberally from the experts (from Deborah Tannen to Erik Erikson) on the psychosocial side and rely on sewing-circle maxims for the rest: "Be aware that holidays are a time when loneliness can be particularly hard to deal with." That last, incidentally, comes up in advice on how to deal with sick people in Chapter 14, which broaches a dicey new subject, "H.I.V. Infection and AIDS." CAROLINE RAND HERRON<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>BRANCH--Joan (nee Swan), 81 of Bedford, NY on July 22nd, 2006. Born in Shanghai, China to the late Joseph and Lena Mary Swan. Beloved wife of the late Benjamin Callcote Branch. Mother of Suzanne Branch of New York City, Benjamin C. Branch Jr. of Bedford, NY, Charles Swan Branch of Hasting-on-Hudson, and Cynthia Branch Mas of Bedford, NY. Also survived by grandchildren: Conor, Trevor, Spencer, Charles Jr. and Colby Branch, Forrest and Sydney Mas and two brothers Colby Swan and Joseph Swan Jr. A Funeral service will be held at St Matthew's Church, Bedford, NY on Wednesday July 26th, 2006 at 11:00A.M. In lieu of flowers, donations in her name may be sent to Northern Westchester Hospital Cancer Center, Mount Kisco, NY or St. Matthew's Episcopal Church, Bedford, NY.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>After Nebraska's stunning defeat to end the regular season, the Blackshirts of the Cornhusker defense took on additional symbolic hues. There was purplish blue, to suggest the physical and psychological bruises after a 62-36 Colorado victory. There was also crimson, a shade that implies a blush of embarrassment after they gave up 380 rushing yards, 202 passing yards and the most points in university history.
After their only defeat of the season, there was even a suggestion of yellow, a hint of cowardice.
After rushing for six touchdowns, Buffaloes running back Chris Brown said the Nebraska safeties were afraid to make tackles.
So when Nebraska plays Miami for the game designated as the national championship Thursday in the Rose Bowl, the Blackshirts will try to repair an image and a prestige that had been built over more than three decades.
''Wearing the Blackshirt is being part of an elite fraternity that represents the baddest and the best defensive players in the country,'' Chris Kelsay, a Nebraska defensive end, said.
At a news conference today, he wore a regular black shirt. So did Dion Booker, a free safety who plays the rover position. Each said it was a coincidence, although they said they liked that color in their wardrobes.
''Every time I put on that black shirt to go out for practice, it is an amazing feeling, to know that you are one of the top players in the country,'' Booker said. ''It's like that Green Beret. You feel like you're invincible.''
That is not how Bryant McKinnie sees it. He is an offensive tackle for the Miami Hurricanes, who are 11-0 and ranked first in the nation. He is the best player on the best offensive line in the country. Having studied the films of the Colorado victory over Nebraska (11-1), McKinnie said the Cornhuskers could expect more of the same Thursday.
''Their secondary looked like they had a little trouble tackling,'' McKinnie said. ''We have very good backs. So I figure once we get through the front seven, the D-line and linebackers, our backs will have fun back there. We're going to open some holes and there's going to be some big plays made.''
Booker, who leads Nebraska in tackles with 62, shook his head when informed of that prediction. ''I most definitely take it as a challenge and, no, it's definitely not true,'' he said. ''I welcome anyone to come into our secondary and think they are going to run over us. It's not going to happen.''
Booker compared Nebraska's poor performance against Colorado to that of Ken Dorsey, the Miami quarterback, against Boston College, when he threw four interceptions in a tense 18-7 Hurricanes victory.
''That one game against Colorado when we didn't tackle right doesn't define our defense,'' Booker said. ''And if they think they're going to go out there and whip on us and we're not going to tackle in the secondary, it's going to be a long day for them.''
The Blackshirt tradition began in the 1960's, when two of Bob Devaney's assistant coaches went to a sporting goods store to buy practice jerseys. The black shirts were discounted, so they chose them.
They are awarded to the starters on defense and to a few substitutes who play a lot. They are also presented to seniors lower on the depth chart during the trip to their final bowl game.
The degree of ceremony varies, but all who receive the Blackshirt agree that it is a solemn moment. The sports information department promotes the squad-within-a-team with an annual poster. This season's poster showed returning seniors wearing sleeveless Blackshirts over big arms.
Nebraska's defensive coordinator, Craig Bohl, may adjust a few things in his defensive style and alignment. Perhaps the Huskers will use fewer five-man front lines, which can expose an outmanned secondary to runners who break through the line with momentum.
Keyuo Craver, one of the cornerbacks, said he had been taking phone calls of advice and encouragement from former Blackshirts like Mike Brown, Ralph Brown, Carlos Polk,  Steve Warren, Eric Johnson and Joe Walker.
''The first person was Mike Brown,'' Craver said, referring to the Chicago Bears safety. ''He knows what it means to be a Blackshirt.''
Craver said Brown, in looking back on the Colorado game, wanted to make sure ''we don't let that game break us or affect our team spirit.''
Jamie Burrow, a Nebraska linebacker, said the Colorado game ''was a complete debacle.''
He added: ''For 11 games, we were a very dominant defense. We had one game that was horrible. We have a shot to come back in this last game and silence a lot of our critics.''
Before the Colorado game, the Nebraska defense was giving up 93 yards a game. The Cornhuskers were second nationally in scoring defense, giving up 11.5 points a game.
''A lot of people around the country watched that game, and they were as shocked as we were playing it,'' Burrow said.
Craver said it was to Nebraska's advantage for Miami to form a distorted opinion of the Blackshirts based on that one game. ''They are going to get our all,'' he said. ''We're going to bring the noise, and we're going to do it in a hurry.''
COLLEGE FOOTBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>MOST of us accept fur-trimmed suede coats and fake animal-skin pillows piled on the sofa. Now, as if from some great collective-unconscious storage closet, have arrived embalmed pets, preserved deer heads and stuffed emus to decorate home and store. While the attitude may be ironic, the taxidermy is real.
It makes sense that the set designer Derek McLane would use 15 mounted heads and a stuffed fish to depict a 1930's lodge in Reno, Nev., in the revival of ''The Women.'' But what are we to make of the numerous sightings of stuffed critters used as props in fashion magazines?
In this month's Vogue, Lauren duPont, wearing the latest from the Bill Blass resort line, stands before stuffed antelopes and lions in the game room of a family estate. This month's Vanity Fair pictures the music producer Rick Rubin posing with a stuffed bison, Cape buffalo and antelope in his chic Los Angeles house.
Taxidermy has even been used to boost appetites. Last spring, Eric Goode and Sean MacPherson decorated Park, their restaurant in West Chelsea, with stuffed parakeets and a stuffed peacock. ''I wanted it to be really warm and comfortable without being corny,'' Mr. Goode said. ''The idea was to introduce nature where we could apply it, to use real material.''
At Olives restaurant in the W Hotel in Union Square, a stuffed rooster presides over the dining room, evoking a Tuscan country kitchen. Eat Here, a cafe in SoHo seeking to emulate an old-fashioned English club, has two deer heads. ''People are coming back to the layering of history, something more eclectic and interesting,'' said Tom Lussier, who owns the cafe. He recently catered a dinner party where the table was set with fur place mats (cut from old thrift shop fur coats) and the centerpiece was a taxidermic fox caught in midleap.
People are pulling their great-uncle Ludwig's stuffed moose head out of the attic or pretending that they once had a great-uncle Ludwig. ''People are tired of being politically correct,'' said Bill Yox, an award-winning taxidermist in upstate New York. He sells a lot of deer heads and moose heads for city dwellers to mount over their country fireplaces.
It is all a matter of degree. ''As long as it is not endangered, is over 50 years old and is not a cat, I am O.K. with having it in my house,'' said Mitchell Owens, the interior design director of Elle Decor magazine.
Larry Bloomquist, a Louisiana-based taxidermist and editor of Breakthrough, a magazine dedicated to the art of taxidermy, said: ''We like to call it the Hemingway effect. We have been seeing more and more decorators in need of mounted game heads for people who aren't hunters.''
In the age of antibacterial hand soap and the steady communication of our emotions, Hemingway, that hard-drinking, big-game-hunting master of pith, appeals to our more rough-hewn sensibilities. And home decor is once again following fashion, where the monochromatic uniform is out and a mixture of leather, white lace and cowboy boots (hello, Ralph Lauren) is in.
''People are looking for intimacy, coziness, a more personal touch,'' said Lucy Sykes, style director at Marie Claire magazine.
Indoors, they are finding this warmth with leopard-skin rugs, pinto pony pillows and stuffed zebra heads.
Todd Merrill, a taxidermy collector who runs Todd Merrill Antiques on the Lower East Side, said that the photographer Peter Beard has been hugely influential. ''He reminds us that there is no greater beauty in the world than nature, no matter how gruesome at times,'' Mr. Merrill said.
According to Henry Galiano, who owns the natural history shop Maxilla and Mandible on the Upper West Side, artists reintroduce wildlife at decisive moments. (From the Romantics to Francis Bacon's shrieking baboons, there is nothing like using nature as a metaphor.) The popularity of animals as art in the 80's ''had a lot do with Georgia O'Keeffe, whose paintings celebrated the sculptural beauty of skulls,'' he said. Damien Hirst, he noted, recently made dead animals acceptable again as decor.
Just last month, Rob Keller, a California artist, showed his mummified animals in comic poses at Thomas Korzelius Fine Art in SoHo. ''Everything just cycles back,'' he said. Like all derivative trends, the nostalgia for taxidermy is inextricable from longing for the past.
Taxidermy had its roots first in sentimentality and then in art and education. The process involves removing, treating and mounting a skin on an artificial form. It wasn't until the Victorians imposed their nomenclature on the natural world that it was adopted by museums to teach science, said Stephen Quinn, the senior project manager in the exhibition department at the American Museum of Natural History.
The modernist revival of the last 15 years left no room for a stuffed boar. But there has been an increased consumption of snakeskin and fox fur, sumptuous fabrics and feathers ''as a counterpoint to a decade or so of modernism and minimalism,'' said William Sofield, an architect and interior designer. ''Now that people are more comfortable with materials that were off limits, they are getting even more adventurous,'' he said.
Taxidermy represents the ultimate in taboo luxury. ''We think all deer are Bambi's mother,'' said Mr. Owens, who spent his childhood summers on his grandparents' farm in Oklahoma. Urbanites, he says, just don't understand hunters.
But while animal rights advocates have a hard time convincing people to give up leather shoes and upholstery, Eric Goode got hate mail over a pair of stuffed Dobermans that stood in the entry hall of M.K., a club he opened in the late 80's. But it didn't quell his enthusiasm. ''I hadn't had them killed,'' he said. ''I had gotten them at a dog mortuary.'' His personal collection of stuffed animals includes a pouncing tiger and a baby English bulldog.
Mike Zohn, who sells oddities (Martha Stewart's staff bought a stuffed turkey) at Obscura Antiques in the East Village, suggests we are entering an age of brutal honesty. ''There's been a run on taxidermy over the last several months -- more designers, more decorators,'' he said. ''People are coming around to the fact that they like weird stuff, objects that provoke emotions, even if that means fear or disgust.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Britain's economy grew four-tenths of 1 percent in the second quarter, less than economists were expecting, as the "mad cow disease" scare brought a sharp drop in farm production.
The Office for National Statistics said today that the lost beef sales from mad cow disease took a tenth of a percentage point off the quarterly gross domestic product growth.
European countries banned imports of British beef and byproducts and older herds were destroyed after suspicions were raised about links to a brain disease in humans.
London-based economists said mad cow disease may weigh on third-quarter growth, but to a lesser extent.
Forecasters had been expecting a rise of six-tenths of 1 percent from the first quarter.
A Treasury spokesman said: "Growth is expected to pick up starting in the second half of this year. Recent figures, surveys and independent forecasters support this view."<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Urban Sanctuary  Metropolitan Life Insurance Building, One Madison Avenue (23d Street); (212) 691-7483.
The New York City Audubon Society and the Trust for Public Land are sponsoring an illustrated talk about the Jamaica Bay Wildlife Refuge in Queens, tonight at 7. No charge.  Architectural Competitions  Urban Center Galleries, 457 Madison Avenue (51st Street); (212) 753-1722.
Designs from a competition for the Police Training Facility to be built in the Bronx, on an eight-acre site at 153d Street off the Grand Concourse, will be on display through June 9.
The show, sponsored by the Municipal Art Society, the Architectural League of New York and Buell Center for the Study of American Architecture at Columbia University, features architectural plans and models from the seven finalists, including the winning design from Ellerbe Becket/Michael Fieldman & Partners. Open Monday through Saturday, 11 A.M. to 5 P.M. (closed Thursday). No charge.  Moving Pictures  Katie Murphy Auditorium at the Fashion Institute of Technology, 227 West 27th Street; (212) 246-7060.
The New York chapter of the American Institute of Graphic Arts is offering a panel discussion on graphic design in television, film and video, on Wednesday at 7 P.M. Admission is $10; members, $5.  Early Morning Walk  South Street Seaport Museum, 213 Water Street, off Fulton Street; (212) 669-9416.
On June 3 from 5:30 to 8:30 A.M., the museum and the Brooklyn Center for the Urban Environment will sponsor a tour of the fish market. It will include breakfast and a sunrise walk across the Brooklyn Bridge. Fee, $20. Advance registration is required.  Benefit Auction  Brooklyn Center for the Urban Environment, Tennis House in Prospect Park; enter at Ninth Street and Prospect Park West; (718) 788-8500.
On June 5 at 3 P.M., there will be a picnic and benefit auction featuring vintage books, furniture and a collection of late 19th-century bottles. Tickets, $50. Reservations and a catalogue are available by telephone.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>PUGLIA--Giacomo. June 6th, 2007, at age 78. Cherished husband of Felice (nee Ochs). Beloved father of Howard and Marianne, father-in-law of Gina, and grandfather of Zackary and Elizabeth. Leaves behind his devoted family in Italy. A wonderful man who embraced life and lived it to the fullest.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
''U.N. Resolutions Allow Attack on the Likes of Iraq'' (news article, Feb. 5) does not get to the bottom of the question of whether the United States is authorized to bomb Iraq without further Security Council authorization.
Yes, Resolution 687 of April 3, 1991, brought about a cease-fire upon Iraq's notification that it accepted destruction of its weapons of mass destruction. Iraq's breach of its obligations has been declared by the Security Council.
Yet the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties is of doubtful relevance since what is being interpreted is not a treaty but Security Council texts. Those texts need to be closely examined to determine what they now authorize.
Upon Iraq's breach of its obligation to allow full inspection of its biological and chemical weapons, the cease-fire enacted by Resolution 687 ended. That brought back into play Resolution 678 of Nov. 29, 1990, which authorized the Desert Storm effort to remove Iraq from Kuwait. Since Iraq is now out of Kuwait, the question is whether hostilities can be resumed for any other purpose, like enforcing inspection.
JOHN CAREY  Rye, N.Y., Feb. 6, 1998
The writer is an international lawyer.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Summer jobs (Economic Scene, July 19) offer many teenagers a first job experience, and give them money for school and other expenses. One should not underestimate the impact of $900 in earnings for impoverished families, and spending that money locally in community stores.
In New York City, nearly 50,000 teenagers have worked each year in summer camps, libraries and senior centers. Without them, many organizations would be forced to cut or cancel summer services, which provide supervised activity for children of working parents.
Without jobs, teenagers would lose work force experience and access to mentors and future employers, and the self-esteem that comes from a paycheck. New York and the nation should work to preserve summer youth employment.
EMILY MENLO MARKS  Executive Director  United Neighborhood Houses  New York, July 23, 2001<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Theresa Ann Gschwind, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. A. Edward Gschwind of Summit, N.J., was married there yesterday to Andrew Cuyugan McCullough, a son of Lourdes F. McCullough of London and George M. McCullough of Jacksonboro, S.C. The Rev. John J. Paladino performed the Roman Catholic ceremony at St. Teresa's Church.
Mrs. McCullough, 29, was until recently an associate at the law firm of Pond, Shjeflo & Wohl in San Mateo, Calif. She and her husband graduated from Yale University and received law degrees from the University of California. Her father is the president of American Royal Reinsurance Company in New York.
Mr. McCullough, 30, is a deputy city attorney for the city and county of San Francisco. His father, now retired, was a director of Enfield-Barrington Ltd., an international engineering company in London.
WEDDINGS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>This week the Dining section introduces Dining Briefs, short reviews that include first looks at new restaurants, updates on places that have been reviewed or overlooked and critiques of bars and lounges that offer noteworthy drinks and food. The feature will provide an informed opinion on places around New York City that are worth consideration even if they don't receive a full review in Frank Bruni's Restaurants column or in $25 and Under. Dining Briefs will alternate every other week with $25 and Under.
GILT  455 Madison Avenue (50th Street); (212) 891-8100.
The rooms remain the same: those grand, ornate chambers in the 19th-century Villard Mansion section of the New York Palace Hotel. The end of a meal is still marked by an array of chocolates presented in a vessel that underscores the opulence of the setting.
But beyond that, the restaurant Gilt has changed significantly since it opened at the end of 2005 with the chef Paul Liebrandt at the helm. Mr. Liebrandt, a talented avatar of the avant-garde, left last summer and was replaced by Christopher Lee, whose work at Striped Bass in Philadelphia brought him national attention.
The price of a three-course prix fixe has dropped to $78 from $92, and Mr. Lee's cooking is less self-conscious and intricate than Mr. Liebrandt's. That's not to say Gilt has reverted to basics: it has its name to live up to. And so it does, with foie gras and frogs' legs among the appetizers and more foie gras in a widely celebrated tuna Wellington among the entrees.
That dish makes great use of the fish's texture while addressing its flavor limitations by wrapping a layer of porcini and spinach -- and then a layer of pastry -- around small cylinders of pink flesh. The foie gras goes into a buttery sauce beside the tuna.
As fine a creation as this is, I was even more taken with slices of venison encrusted with macadamia nuts and sauced with faintly bitter chocolate, which gives the meat the jolt it needs. Kumquat and crosnes round out the dish, fulfilling the apparent fancy restaurant obligation to marshal off-the-beaten-path ingredients.
Not all of Mr. Lee's efforts pay off, but they're less exhausting than Mr. Liebrandt's were. Although still lavishly dressed up, Gilt has managed to calm down.
FRANK BRUNI
DINING BRIEFS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>BY the time Barbara Moskowitz starts her shopping, she doesn't worry too much about fighting the crowds. Her concern is the snoring.
Snuggled in her nightgown, she often sidles up to her home-office computer to surf the shopping sites. A floor below the office in her Princeton, N.J., town house, her husband, Ed, is sound asleep.
''It's peaceful,'' Ms. Moskowitz, 63, said of the late-night e-commerce experience. ''I know I won't get interrupted by phone calls, although I can hear my husband snoring in the bedroom.''
Ms. Moskowitz is among the legions of people who are in thrall to the Internet's open-all-night shopping opportunities. Precise figures are hard to find, but industry analysts and e-commerce sites say there are millions of people shopping not only in the evening, but also in the wee hours of the morning.
These postmidnight buyers -- who include insomniacs, night owls and people who like to work late -- seem to be taking advantage of high-speed Internet access in the home. About 5 percent of online sales take place from 1 a.m. to 8 a.m., according to Coremetrics, a company that tracks online customer behavior.
''People are clearly going home, having their dinner, putting their kids to bed and sitting at the computer,'' said Toni Sikes, chief executive of Guild.com, a Web site that sells hand-crafted arts and furniture.
The trend may be accelerating, said Chuck Davis, the chief executive of Shopzilla, a shopping search engine. Mr. Davis said that he recently observed that the peak hour when Shopzilla visitors clicked from the search engine to a merchant's Web site was 12:30 a.m. Eastern time.
''It's a new phenomenon,'' Mr. Davis said of the surge in late-night shopping.
Unlike dial-up service, a high-speed Internet connection is ''always on,'' Mr. Davis added.
Some of the larger commerce sites, particularly those with a heavy international customer base, are accommodating this around-the-clock crowd by offering full-time customer service. Amazon.com, for instance, has customer service representatives available by phone 24 hours a day, as does eBay, a site where 46 percent of gross sales are generated by customers outside the United States.
''It's the middle of the day somewhere,'' said Hani Durzy, an eBay spokesman.
Ms. Sikes of Guild.com said that her site, although experiencing late-night shopping, has yet to decide whether to extend its live customer support and telephone sales operation all night. The operation stops at 9 p.m. Central time and opens at 7 a.m.
Yet Ms. Sikes said that although the number of shoppers is considerably fewer at night, these shoppers may actually be spending more than their daytime counterparts. Night shoppers, she speculated, are able to spend more time on the site and may feel more comfortable buying big-ticket items than if they were making more hurried decisions about purchases during the day, possibly doing so at work.
Asked if people may be spending more in the middle of the night because they were sleep deprived, Ms. Sikes laughed. ''I wouldn't suggest that in print,'' she said.
But sleep troubles may be one reason people shop after bars have closed and television is showing infomercials. At least that was the recent experience of Craig Newmark, the founder of Craigslist, an online bulletin board used by millions of people to buy and sell goods.
On a recent evening around midnight, Mr. Newmark was experiencing a little jet-lag-inspired insomnia. He logged on to the sites of several electronics retailers, tapping away in his T-shirt and pajama bottoms searching for a new laptop computer.
''I was half asleep,'' he said. ''I just didn't want to go to bed quite yet.''
He said he knew anecdotally that many Craigslist users did the same thing. For instance, he said, it is not unheard of for people in the middle of the night to scour the site's free sections -- where items are given away -- to make sure they get first dibs.
''They'll get in the car at 2 a.m. if they hear about something that has just been placed outside of someone's door,'' Mr. Newmark said.
The idea of getting a good deal also helps inspire Ms. Moskowitz, the intrepid late-night shopper. She said the one thing that motivated her to troll the Internet at odd hours was when she had received an e-mail message from one of her favorite online merchants advertising a sale.
In particular, she said, she gets excited when one of her favorite sites offers a sale that lets her satisfy her most passionate yearning, buying earrings.
''I'm an earring junkie,'' Ms. Moskowitz said. ''I will spend hours going through the entire site looking at earrings and adding them to my wish list.''
Meanwhile, with the snoring downstairs, Ms. Moskowitz may want to consider extending her purchase with a pair of earplugs.
LATE NIGHT<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Jed Mattes, a literary agent and gay-rights advocate, died on July 24 at his home on the Upper West Side of Manhattan. He was 50.
The cause was pancreatic cancer, said Fred Morris, his executor and business associate.
Mr. Mattes started his career with International Creative Management. In 1989 he formed Jed Mattes Inc., based in Manhattan. It handled fiction and nonfiction, as well as film and television rights.
His clients included Bill Bryson, the author of a current best seller, ''A Short History of Nearly Everything'' (Broadway Books).
He was also the United States representative of Michael Frayn, the British playwright and novelist.
He was the founding president and immediate past president of the Paul Rapoport Foundation, established in 1987 as a support group for gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people.
He was also a former trustee of the Hetrick-Martin Institute for the Protection of Lesbian and Gay Youth, created in 1984.
Born Joseph Edward Mattes in Dubuque, Iowa, he attended the University of Iowa before moving to New York in 1970.
He is survived by his sisters Emily McAdoo of St. Johnsbury, Vt., and Kate Mattes of Cambridge, Mass.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD:
Recriminations in Boston
Recriminations in Boston
After a murder suspect's suicide, Boston is filled with vicious finger-pointing as the police, prosecutors and the news media trace the blunders in a racially tinged case that jolted the city. Page 8.
Senator Denies Wrongdoing
Faced with new ethics charges in two Senate committees, Senator Dave Durenberger, Republican of Minnesota said he there was nothing wrong in his financial dealings. Page 8.
Soviet Border Unrest
The Communist Party leader in a troubled border region of the Azerbaijani republic was forced to resign after violent clashes near the Soviet border with Iran. Page 7.
Transit Chief Resigns
David L. Gunn announced his resignation after six years of running New York's subways and buses, leaving what he nows calls an ''acceptable, but not perfect'' system. Page 27.
Inklings of Religious Revival
The baby boom generation is returning to churches and synagogues, but it remains uncertain whether this means a resurgence of organized religion in America. Beliefs, a new Saturday feature, begins today. Page 12.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>It is tempting to look at a lineup and think of each player in the best-case scenario. The offense has so much potential that way, and its chance of success is tantalizing. Too bad, Yankees General Manager Brian Cashman said, that baseball does not work that way.
''It's just the nature of the game: you don't get all your guys going at the same time,'' Cashman said yesterday before a six-game homestand with the Texas Rangers and the Seattle Mariners that starts tonight at Yankee Stadium. ''Every time you get one problem kind of worked out, another one pops up.''
With the best record in the American League (67-42) and a lead of three and a half games over the Boston Red Sox in the East, the Yankees' problems are relative. But for the moment, two of their best hitters are struggling, and the team offense has been relatively tepid.
The Yankees won five of nine games on their trip, gaining a game on the Red Sox in the standing. But they lost two of the three series, at Boston and at Oakland, sweeping the middle series against the free-falling Anaheim Angels.
Alfonso Soriano is in a deep slump, and Bernie Williams has been inconsistent since coming off the disabled list July 9, with a .241 average. And the Yankees' futility with the bases loaded has been a persistent problem.
The Yankees are batting only .224 with the bases loaded, worse than every A.L. team except Detroit. The Yankees rank 18th among the 30 major league teams in batting average with runners in scoring position, at .258. Their overall average is .268.
That problem does not worry Cashman, who has studied years of data on so-called clutch hitting and found nothing to suggest that some hitters do better under pressure. ''That stuff is cyclical,'' Cashman said. ''Historically, you hit close to your norm with runners in scoring position. It's not something we care too much about. But what we do care about is getting guys on base. That creates an atmosphere where we have chances to score and put pressure on the opposing pitcher.''
The Yankees -- whose .355 on-base percentage ranks second in the majors to Boston's .360 -- jettisoned a player who repeatedly squandered scoring chances. Raul Mondesi, who is batting .148 with runners in scoring position this season, was sent to the Diamondbacks last Tuesday for three players, including outfielder David Dellucci.
With Mondesi gone, the Yankees will use a rotation of outfielders, unless they acquire an outfielder who clears waivers. Players began clearing waivers yesterday, and Cashman said ''most guys will get through.''
Asked if he expected to address right field through a trade, Cashman said: ''It's too early to say. We'll see. I just know I'm more comfortable going with these guys than staying the way we were before.''
Ruben Sierra, Karim Garcia and Dellucci could give the Yankees as much offense as Mondesi. But none are as intimidating a defensive presence as Mondesi, who is fast and has one of the strongest arms in baseball.
Sierra has played only 45 games in right field the past three seasons and is considered a defensive liability; Manager Joe Torre did not start him on Sunday because of the spacious outfield in Oakland. Garcia has a strong arm but is somewhat slow; Dellucci has a weaker arm but gets to the ball quickly.
Garcia is batting .315 for the Yankees since his trade from Cleveland on June 25. Sierra, acquired in a trade with Texas on June 6, is batting .291 as a Yankee. Dellucci is 3 for 8 since being acquired.
The Yankees can probably get by without major offensive contributions from right field. A more pressing concern is the play of Soriano, who made four errors and hit .171 on the road trip. Cashman stressed the importance of Torre's calming influence on a slumping player like Soriano.
''That's what Joe's great at doing,'' Cashman said. ''He allows guys to deal with it and work their way through it. There's no panic involved in that clubhouse when you have a guy suffering through a slump. Just continue to run them out there and eventually, they'll pull through it.'' But even Torre has seen enough of Soriano's slump to make changes. He benched Soriano for one of the Anaheim games, and dropped him to seventh and eighth in the order in games against Oakland.
Torre said he moved down Soriano to keep him out of the spotlight, and he said Soriano seemed to be thinking too much at the plate. After Sunday's game, when Soriano went 2 for 3 and drove in the Yankees' only run, Torre indicated that Soriano would bat leadoff tonight.
''I wouldn't hesitate to put him back at the top of the order,'' Torre said. ''He had two hits in the game and had better quality at-bats. He seems more comfortable. He has quickness in his hands but he wasn't flying open.''
Soriano said he noticed a difference at the plate on Sunday. ''The ball was coming to me,'' Soriano said. ''Before, I was coming to the ball. I felt comfortable.''
Cashman said: ''Once we get him fixed, another problem will crop up. We'll just have to deal with it as well.''
INSIDE PITCH
The Yankees have cleared pitcher JOSE CONTRERAS to begin a minor league rehabilitation stint for their Gulf Coast League team in Tampa, Fla. Contreras, who has missed two months with a shoulder injury, will pitch on Thursday. Reliever GABE WHITE arrived at the Yankees' Tampa complex on Sunday and threw off flat ground yesterday with no pain. White, acquired from the Reds on July 31, may be ready in about three weeks. General Manager BRIAN CASHMAN said that reliever BRET PRINZ, acquired in the RAUL MONDESI trade with Arizona, was throwing 96 to 97 miles an hour in his debut for Class AAA Columbus. The Yankees have 24 games remaining against teams currently at or over .500. The Red Sox have 28, including 7 each against Oakland and Seattle.
BASEBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>MEDENICA-Rajko D., M.D., PhD. Of Hilton Head, SC, November 30, 1997. Beloved husband of Smilja (Prodonovic); devoted father of Dimitrije and Olivera Medenica; dear brother to three brothers and two sisters. Funeral on Thursday, December 4, 11 A.M., at St. Save Servian Orthodox Cathedral, 16-20 West 26th Street, Interment George Washington Memorial Park, Paramus, NJ. Pinkel Funeral Home, Sussex, New Jersey.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Patterson Ewen, a Canadian artist who combined painting and sculpture to create cosmological images, died on Feb. 17 at his home in London, Ontario. He was 76.
The cause was kidney failure, said Jack Shainman, the Manhattan dealer who presented Mr. Ewan's last New York show, in 2000.
Mr. Ewen's work of the 1970's and 80's, for which he was best known, consisted of large plywood panels gouged with hand tools and electric routers then worked over with pigment to produce images that suggested topographic relief maps of a storm-swept natural world or a star-filled outer space. He often gave his pieces a whimsical, personal touch by attaching material to the wood's surface, including chains, fencing wire, strips of aluminum and coconut fiber.
Mr. Ewen attended McGill University, where he studied mathematics and meteorology, subjects in which he maintained a lifelong interest. In the early 1940's he enrolled in the School of Art and Design at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts. His early representational landscapes, portraits and still lifes gradually gave way to hard-edged abstraction.
In 1971 his art changed decisively.  He applied pieces of felt to his painting surfaces, a move that opened various formal options and loosened up his style. Calligraphic drawings of clouds and storms followed. He began cutting into plywood panels with the intention of making enormous woodcut prints, but he soon decided that with the addition of paint, applied hardware-store items and offbeat materials like tar and marble chips the panels could stand on their own.
This work made his reputation in Canada and elsewhere. He showed often, was regularly included in surveys of contemporary Canadian art and was collected by Canadian museums. He was also the subject of several retrospective exhibitions, the largest of them at the Art Gallery of Ontario in 1996.
In 1982 he represented his country at the Venice Biennale. He had four solo exhibitions in New York City since 1956, the most recent at Jack Shainman Gallery in Chelsea in 2000. He taught at the University of Western Ontario until 1988 and was professor emeritus at the time of his death.
His first marriage, to the artist Francoise Sullivan, ended in divorce. He is survived by his wife, Mary Handford; by his sons from his first marriage, Vincent, Jean-Christophe and Francis, both of Montreal, and Geoffrey, of Toronto; and by two grandchildren.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>BARBARA LEY TOFFLER, the author of ''Final Accounting,'' argues that the circumstances surrounding the divorce of Arthur Andersen and Andersen Consulting contributed to Arthur Andersen's demise. But she also says other aspects of its culture were to blame -- and that the surviving Big Four accounting firms share those flaws. Here are excerpts from an interview.
WILLIAM J. HOLSTEIN
Q. What do you mean when you say that the culture at Andersen deteriorated?
A. When the goals and the leadership were very strong, the culture was living the values and principles they put forth. The hiring and the recruitment practices brought in a certain kind of person. The new people had to have a high tolerance for frustration. They were trained in an incredibly rigorous lock-step way. Recruiters looked for rule abiders.
When they had an upstanding culture and lived according to the values they professed, then you had individuals in a culture that performed incredibly well. But if you kept bringing in those people who were willing to move in lock step and then management started acting contrary to its own principles, like going for big profit targets, you had people who said, ''I'm just following orders.'' You had people who would not question. That's not good if they're following a distorted culture.
Q. What impact did the split between the firm's accounting and consulting arms have on that culture?
A. There was such acrimony. It became hatred. We'd be in the elevator and the tension just standing there was unbelievable. A culture of generalized anger and hostility took over. It affected everybody. Even worse, the leadership was completely obsessed by and focused on the Arthur Andersen-Andersen Consulting split. At every partner meeting in the New York office, whatever the business of the day was, it would barely be touched upon. Lou Salvatore [a prominent senior partner of Andersen], who was on the committee dealing with the issues that led to arbitration, would all of a sudden start talking about George Shaheen [the chief executive of Andersen Consulting]. The meeting would deteriorate into a rant. This was happening all over the place. That split is what created a leadership void.
Q. So how can a leader recognize that something has gone wrong in a company's culture?
A. One of the most important things for every leader to recognize is the saying, ''Know what you should know.'' Leaders of organizations should make every effort to get all the information, even if they don't want to hear it. If somewhere along the way you get the message that in his company they shoot the messenger, that is always harmful. That was certainly the case at Arthur Andersen.
One of the things I saw at Andersen was self-deception and denial. High-level members of that organization knew much of what was going on. Very often, a company is very aware of where its vulnerabilities are, and it simply will not deal with it.
Q. Do you believe anything has changed at the surviving Big Four?
A. Obviously there is a greater separation of auditing from some of the consulting services. There have been some structural changes. But there are still tremendous revenue pressures. There are strenuous pressures on people to bring in the fees. I don't think the consulting culture has changed. I don't think regulation has been as powerful as it has to be. We'll see about [William] Donaldson as the head of the Securities and Exchange Commission. It's going to be very, very important. He can make a phenomenal difference if he steps up to it. The S.E.C. can put some bite into controlling these four firms.
The critical thing is that somewhere along the way, the public accounting firms forgot that their main purpose is to serve the investing public. It is to assure that the numbers investors rely on are absolutely accurate. Somehow these firms took on the mantle and the culture of consulting firms. They took on the aggressive win-at-any-cost, make-big-bucks culture. That has not changed.
BOOK VALUE<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>In recent years, researchers have used advances in understanding how the brain works as a catalyst for understanding how children learn or, sometimes, do not learn. In the current bestseller ''A Mind at a Time'' (Simon & Schuster), the author, Dr. Mel Levine, surmises that each child's brain is ''wired'' differently, with its own set of strengths and weaknesses in learning. A child with a flaw in her sequential ordering system, for example, may have trouble remembering the steps in a chemical reaction or the order of digits in a phone number. As a professor of pediatrics at the University of North Carolina, Dr. Levine works with children to help them learn to bypass those weaknesses.
JULIE FLAHERTY
Your theories seem to counter current thinking about testing standards.
I really think we could mount a whole new initiative, which is high standards with individualization. What we want to be looking at is making sure this country turns out the world's best plumbers and the world's best poets and the world's best thoracic surgeons, and we want to hold them all to high standards. But we don't necessarily need to be holding them all to the same standards.
What shapes a child's learning profile?
A lot of contributing variables, including certain genetic tendencies. Your profile is also shaped by environmental factors, cultural factors, by the quality of your education, even by the nature of your temperament.
You seem to say in your book that embarrassment can be even more detrimental to a child's learning than a learning disability itself.
From the moment a child gets out of bed until she is very securely tucked in at night, there really is one central mission, and it's called avoiding humiliation at all costs. School is like a big aquarium -- you are being watched all the time.
In one classroom I visited, three boys were asked to put a math problem on the board and solve it. Two of them solved it in 15 seconds. The third boy was standing up there with 56 eyes just staring at him. He finally threw the chalk down, ran back to his desk and started crying.
Feeling inadequate, not knowing what you're doing when those around you seem to know what they're doing, for a kid, it's too much to bear.
How would you help a child who feels humiliated in class?
I would need to think through the different ingredients of what it takes to succeed in math in sixth grade. There are certain memory parts of math. You can't stop to think, ''What is 6 x 7?'' You have to remember procedures: how to do long division, how to multiply. You have to hold several different things in your mind at once, so while you're carrying a number you don't forget what it was you were doing. You have to recognize patterns that keep coming back, so you recognize a triangle. You have to understand math terminology: what a denominator really means.
It's almost like a recipe. We would sort of go down the list of ingredients needed for math and say which we see missing.
Let's say he has trouble remembering how to do things. We'll allow him to use a calculator to temporarily bypass this weakness. At the same time, we would want to drill him on math facts before he goes to bed, because the best way to get something set up in memory is to go over it right before going to sleep. If he is a visual learner, he should be studying flash cards. If the auditory route is the strongest, he might be able to understand things when he says them himself, so we might have him say his math problems, 7 x 8 = 56, into a tape recorder and play them back.
But a teacher with a class of 30 students can't possibly teach them one mind at a time.
Chances are the little boy who couldn't put the problem on the board is already taking a huge amount of her time. So many of the kids who are humiliated in public start acting out. Others get very depressed, lose all their motivation. Those are all very time-consuming parts of the day.
Is a child ever just lazy?
No. It's a basic human drive to produce, to create products that are going to get you gratification and recognition and fulfillment in life. If someone stops producing we have to find out what has stopped that natural inclination toward output.
Q & A<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Last Sunday, in discussing the reasons his Yellow Jackets had advanced to the regional semifinals of the N.C.A.A. tournament, Georgia Tech Coach Paul Hewitt added one significant factor. ''And luck,'' he said. ''Don't forget about luck.''
Georgia Tech got a dose of bad luck early in its game against Nevada on Friday night, when B. J. Elder left with a sprained right ankle. Elder, a junior guard, is the team's top scorer with an average of 16.2 points.
Without him, the third-seeded Yellow Jackets were perhaps vulnerable to an upset by 10th-seeded Nevada, the lowest-seeded team playing in the Round of 16. And sure enough, the Wolf Pack (25-9) led the Yellow Jackets by 5 points at halftime and stayed close the rest of the way.
But Georgia Tech (26-9) went ahead by a point with 7 minutes 32 seconds left in the second half when Marvin Lewis -- who led the Yellow Jackets with 23 points -- sank two free throws after a technical foul against Nevada. And the Yellow Jackets went ahead to stay when Will Bynum, who filled in for Elder, made a reverse layup as he bulled past Todd Okeson and Nick Fazekas along the baseline with 1:04 left.
The Wolf Pack did not score after that, and Georgia Tech came away with a 72-67 victory to move into the regional final on Sunday against fourth-seeded Kansas (24-8).
''For us to get this win, it shows a lot more about our toughness than our luck,'' Hewitt said.
Lewis said he knew his teammates were counting on him after Elder left the game. ''We've got to do without him,'' Lewis said. ''When B. J. went down, people were still looking to get me shots.''
It was not known Friday night whether Elder would play Sunday against Kansas. ''He has a sprained ankle,'' Hewitt said. ''We'll find out in the morning. The X-ray came back negative. I don't know what's going to happen. Right now, we plan on him playing.''
Luke Schenscher, the 7-foot-1 center from Australia, led Georgia Tech in rebounds with 9. Bynum finished with 9 points in 21 minutes. Kirk Snyder, a 6-6 junior guard, led Nevada with 21 points.
Okeson of Nevada had 13 points and 10 rebounds. But his energetic efforts near the end, long shots and drives, were unsuccessful.
Many Georgia Tech players discussed the layup by Bynum, a highlight play. Jarrett Jack, the point guard, said: ''That's definitely a Will Bynum-type play. He gave us a great surge off the bench.''
Elder sprained his right ankle less than three minutes into the game. In part because of his absence, the Wolf Pack held a 39-34 halftime lead and hope for a significant upset. Okeson, a 6-foot senior guard, had 11 points and 6 rebounds in the first half. Lewis, a 6-4 senior guard, led the Yellow Jackets with 10 points, and Isma'il Muhammad had 6 rebounds.
But Georgia Tech came back to take a 47-45 lead in five minutes into the second half on a reverse layup by Jack.
Nevada reached the Round of 16 with victories last weekend over Michigan State and Gonzaga. Georgia Tech advanced to the regional semifinals by beating Northern Iowa and Boston College.
The Wolf Pack had played in the N.C.A.A. tournament only twice before, losing in their first game in 1984 and 1985. This is Georgia Tech's first tournament appearance since 2001. It reached the Final Four in 1990.
N.C.A.A. | MEN'S ROUND OF 16<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Universal Pictures and Polygram Filmed Entertainment said yesterday that they were forming a company to distribute films produced by each of the co-owners.
Polygram, which is most widely known for its record operations, has been building a film production business in the United States through several production affiliates. Its releases include "A Midnight Clear," "Wish You Were Here" and "My Beautiful Laundrette."
The new company's goal is to distribute films that do not have the high budgets or well-known stars typical of movies for distribution into 1,000 or more theaters. President Is Named
The venture, called Gramercy Pictures, will be run by Russell Schwartz, formerly executive vice president of Miramax Films, the company that has produced and distributed films like "My Left Foot" and "Cinema Paradiso." Mr. Schwartz, who will be president of the venture, is moving from New York to Los Angeles to run the new company, which will distribute about eight films a year.
Gramercy, however, is not expected to have significant capital costs. Polygram and Universal are to bear the production costs of their new features. The films, then, would be American productions. And Gramercy would be able to use some of the production services of Universal Pictures, even though it would be responsible for devising its own advertising and marketing campaigns.
Polygram is already expanding its role in films and other entertainment, including taking a 35 percent stake in Pan Europeene of France in April, and a 30 percent stake in Andrew Lloyd Webber's Really Useful Company in 1991. Matsushita-Philips Alliance
The Matsushita Electric Industrial Company, the parent of Universal Pictures, and Philips Electronics N.V., which owns 80 percent of Polygram, are both consumer electronics companies looking to expand into the production of "entertainment software," including movies and music.
Other major studios have what they call classics divisions, which focus on smaller films.
Tom Pollock, the chairman of Universal Pictures, said: "Most classics departments assume that films have a limited audience. We don't assume that."
The company will handle only United States and Canadian distribution. Foreign sales will be handled separately by each company.
THE MEDIA BUSINESS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>KREIDMAN-Richard. March 28, 1945-April 30, 1993. We miss you so much. Always in our hearts, now and forever. Sister Tina, Mom and Dad<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Based on his own analysis, David John Oates believes that George W. Bush has been a powerful, consistent leader. ''He is strong and resolute,'' Mr. Oates said, speaking by telephone from his home in Australia. ''His reversals were very forceful. There was no internal wavering inside himself.''
Wait a minute. Reversals? Internal wavering? What exactly does Mr. Oates mean? To understand, let's begin with the popular factoid that flushing toilets swirl backward in Australia. One day in 1983, Mr. Oates said, he discovered that the toilets can also make technology work backward, when he accidentally dropped his cassette player into one.
On removing it and checking to see if it still worked, he said, he was surprised to find his Michael Jackson cassette playing in reverse. As he listened to it, he heard Mr. Jackson singing what sounded like actual words even though the song was running in reverse. This was not intentional backward-masking (like might be used by a heavy metal group surreptitiously advocating devil worship) but accidental hidden messages that came perhaps from the subconscious of the singer.
Intrigued, Mr. Oates began to discover all sorts of messages encoded backward in songs and speech: clear phrases and sentences often created by a person's hems and haws.
''Reversals are primarily formed by the inconsistencies in speech: the stammers, the stutters and the rapid alterations,'' he said. ''It's not primarily the words, but the sounds of the speech. Two people might say the same sentence, but you'll get completely different reversals.''
Mr. Oates grew to believe that these speech reversals contained subconscious messages, and since then he has advocated their use in therapy and investigation (where they serve as a sort of lie detector test). Reverse speech, as he calls it, can also provide covert peeks into the minds of pop stars, if one believes in this homemade science.
In ''Thinking of You'' by Lenny Kravitz, Mr. Oates and his students discovered the backward message ''Still missing mom; we'll be missing you.'' Jewel, in ''Deep Water,'' says, cryptically, ''You're glamorous, and you live with a Nazi.''
These and examples from Queen, Ozzy Osbourne, Bonnie Raitt, the Beatles and more can be heard forward and in reverse on Mr. Oates's Web site, reversespeech.com, which contains thousands of examples.
In one of Mr. Oates's most infamous reversals, he claims to have found the words Desert Storm in a speech by the elder George Bush before the announcement of the military operation. Some of the examples on his Web site sound like clear phrases, while others are more of a stretch to interpret as coherent statements.
So when the current President Bush talked of the war on terrorism after Sept. 11, his reversals, according to Mr. Oates, contained phrases like ''I am avowed, we will get them'' and ''Skies, we have seen the limit with terror.'' At the same time, Mr. Oates found a more ominous note in the president's speeches. His phrase ''an act of war against our country,'' when played backward, revealed the phrase ''Rule the planet.'' Meanwhile, in a speech by Osama bin Laden, one of Mr. Oates's students discovered the reversal, ''Our government is wrong; terror now.''
James Underdown, the executive director of the Center for Inquiry-West, which promotes scientific and critical thinking, said that he had seen no hard evidence supporting Mr. Oates's claims. He compared reverse speech to a Rorschach test: different people will imagine different words. ''It's looking at a pattern that's already out there, and assigning meaning and intent to something where there was none originally,'' he said.
For nearly 20 years, Mr. Oates has been promoting reverse speech as built-in radio transmissions from the subconscious mind. He said that because the unconscious mind develops before the conscious mind, children often start speaking intelligible words in reverse before they do in regular speech. In his practice, his clients range from couples seeking therapy to defendants fighting off litigation to companies seeking insights on potential employees.
In the 1990's Mr. Oates lived briefly in San Diego, where he appeared on Art Bell's radio show and reverse-speech was lumped in among paranormal phenomena. After a falling out with Mr. Bell, subsequent anonymous death threats and the destruction of his home in what Mr. Oates believes was arson, he moved his reverse-speech empire back to Australia.
Of course, if Mr. Oates can dish it out, he must be prepared to take it. After the interview, I played the tape backward to discover what was really on the reverse-speech pioneer's mind.
When discussing how his Desert Storm research went public, he admonishes himself in reverse, saying, ''You must behave, you must.'' At one point, he seems to doubt himself: discussing his hopes for becoming more commercially active soon, he says, ''Observe humorous me telling you this.'' And, most revealing, after being asked a question, he displays his intimidation at the hands of such a masterful interviewer. ''Unhand me,'' his reversal says. ''Neil scares.''
THE POP LIFE<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor: This is in response to Betsy Wade's ''Rules of the Road for A.T.M. Fees'' (Practical Traveler, Dec. 17). In 1999, my daughter went to Europe after graduating from college and tried to use her MAC-linked card at Heathrow Airport and several other places in Europe, and it was denied. We would up wiring her money. She was told (and we were surprised to learn) that many places accept A.T.M. cards only if attached to a checking account, and not a savings account, which a lot of young people have.
ARLENE DOLCE  Roseland, N.J.
Merrill Halpern, vice president of MasterCard International-Cirrus, responds: A.T.M. terminals abroad may not ask consumers to select the type of account they wish to withdraw from. If not, the A.T.M. generally passes a ''no account specified'' request through its network to the bank that issued the card. The card-issuing institution determines whether to accept or deny the transaction. For our part, the Cirrus network requires member banks to apply such generic requests for withdrawls to whichever type of deposit account the consumer has. College students should contact their banks to ask to about this matter before they plan to use their cards abroad.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>At the Buddhist Temple at 16 Pell Street, two barefoot female worshipers were going through a succession of hand motions yesterday afternoon as incense burned. A man passing by stopped and bowed.
It was unclear whether the worship was for the soul of Benny Ong, who died Saturday and was often called the Godfather of Chinatown for his reported role in organized crime. After the service, one woman said that Mr. Ong, known as Uncle Seven because he was a seventh son, had come to the temple often. The other said he had never been there. A picture of him and his family was on the wall.
But the one who said he had never come was quick to praise him. "It's not easy to make it in America," she said. "He lived a hard life. He endured a lot of hardship and he triumphed."
So it was on the narrow thoroughfare on the two blocks between the Bowery and Mott Street. Most people refused to discuss Mr. Ong at all. Those who did said nice things about him, particularly about his generosity and that of the organization he headed, the Hip Sing Association, which has offices next door. Nobody wanted to be identified. Fear of a Power Vacuum
A few expressed fear that Mr. Ong's death would leave a power vacuum in the gang underworld, although his power had greatly diminished as his health faded. His position in recent years was adviser-in-chief-for-life, and he left others to run the group's affairs. He died at age 87, reportedly of prostate cancer.  [ Obituary, page B7. ]
But in the volatile world of Chinatown street gangs, anything can cause sudden violence, residents said. The fear is that factions of the gang Hip Sing is said to control, the Flying Dragons, might fight for supremacy. Other gangs might try to step in.
"We're going to have some trouble," said a man who would not identify himself even by line of work. "I think somebody eventually is going to be gunned down."
Meanwhile, Mr. Ong's body lay in a private room at Wah Wing Sang Funeral Corporation at 26 Mulberry Street. Mourners are expected to come from Chinese communities across the nation for funeral services later this month.
Hip Sing is one of about 70 tongs in Chinatown that have dominated life in the district's 40 blocks for a century. They have historically provided immigrants with credit unions, social outlets, job referrals and other services. But they have also been accused by law enforcement officials of criminal activities including drugs, gambling, prostitution and murder. Mr. Ong himself went to prison twice, in 1935 for murder, serving 17 years, and again in 1977-78 for bribery.
People gathered in little groups in coffee shops and in front of the Hip Sing Credit Union, and some discussed the old days in Chinatown when residents were almost entirely men who sent their earnings back to their families in China.
One person mentioned that Mr. Ong's toughness was evident in the fact that everybody was afraid to date his daughter. Another told of the time a man just released from prison threw himself at his feet, begging for mercy for an affront committed before he was incarcerated.
One friend recalled how Mr. Ong, who walked Pell Street with a cane and always had lunch at the same restaurant, tried to give the appearance of never having learned English. Those who knew him well were sure he followed conversations perfectly. He loved children, acquaintances said. His generosity in giving to day-care centers and language schools was remembered more than once.
In the Mee Sum Cafe, a man counting money looked up instantly when asked about Uncle Seven. He said: "I don't think of him. He was old. It's a natural course. We all die."<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>If a swimming coach had three different Olympic champions amass five gold medals over the last four Summer Games, the natural assumption would be that he or she was from California or Florida. Or perhaps Indiana University or the University of Michigan.
The natural assumption would be wrong, for John Collins of the Badger Swim Club here is the producer of champions in this unlikely setting -- Larchmont.
Collins, an American record-holder in the butterfly and a national champion under Doc Councilman at Indiana University about 30 years ago, guided the backstroker Rick Carey of Mount Kisco to three gold medals in the 1984 Games in Los Angeles.
Another backstroker, Lea Loveless of Crestwood, won under his tutelage at Barcelona in 1992. And just three weeks ago, Cristina Teuscher of New Rochelle led the United States 400-meter freestyle relay team to victory in Atlanta.
All took their first competitive strokes for Badger, a 10-acre, all-sports center nestled among upper-class residential homes in here. There, the softball fields, lacrosse fields, a martial arts room, tennis courts, recreation areas and a dining room of the Badger Sports Club summer camp surround the gleaming centerpiece: a 50-yard-by-20-yard swimming pool. In the shallow area, a rectangle is sectioned off for beginners. In the middle, wide lanes crisscross the width of the pool.
Badger -- bought by the late Jack Collins in 1945 and still run by his wife, Ruth, his son, John, and his wife, Debbie -- is a story in itself. The late Terrence Cardinal Cooke, then a young priest, helped run it that first summer when Jack Collins was a physical fitness instructor in the Army, and many seminarians have followed in his footsteps. The reason Badger has been the spawning ground for Olympic champions is not just its amenities, however.
''It's John Collins,'' said Loveless, who at 25 won another national championship Tuesday in the 200-meter backstroke in Fort Lauderdale, Fla., and is training for one last world championship before marriage and a teaching career alter her priorities. ''The amazing thing is, from Day 1, John has you thinking big. If you are good enough to win a club race, think of a regional championship. If you are good enough to win that, dream of winning the Olympics.''
She continued: ''John works you hard if he sees you're willing to work hard. When I first came back to swimming after the gold medal, I was really slow. 'I'm drowning,' I would tell John. 'Keep drowning,' he would yell back. When I told him I was nervous before one competition, he said: 'What? Are there sharks in the water?' ''
It is the school in which Collins was raised by his dad, a standout Big 10 swimmer himself at Wisconsin.
''Typical: Dad a coach, me an only child, a pool in the front yard,'' Collins said. ''Dad had aspirations of my becoming an Olympic champion.''
It is where thinking big got big, those moments between father and son. Now they are passed on, with passion. ''Coaching is the same as any business,'' Collins said. ''You've got to be real passionate about what you do. My purpose is to produce national-class swimmers. That's what we plot to do every day. I love to coach kids who love to swim, love to work hard.''
One such is 11-year-old Chase Emanuel of Mount Vernon. Nine months ago, he could not swim. His mother took him to Badger. In the gestation period since, he has become a Junior Olympics competitor.
''I like the competition,'' Emanuel said. ''I like what I'm getting out of it, the results. I can see the improvement. The coaches at Badger? They do kid around a lot, but they do like to drive you.''
In the pool, a tentative 3-year-old was being urged to swim the few strokes to her instructor ''just one more time -- for me.'' Fourteen-year-old Kristen Schwitzer of Bronxville, a freestyle-breaststroker on the Junior Olympics zonal team, toweled off and said: ''Coach Collins? He's very straightforward. He's not interested in pushing you if you don't want to swim, but if you do, he's just a great coach.''
Her goal? ''To maybe make the Olympics.''
Brendan Reilly, 14, of Rye said, ''He watches everything.''
Working hard comes easy when your outdoor pool is not in a year-round warm-weather climate. When it gets cold, Collins and his swimmers move indoors to Lehman or Manhattanville College without missing a stroke.
''I consider it an advantage to train under subpar conditions,'' Collins said. ''You really appreciate a great pool when you get to it. And it makes you tougher. The kids coming out of the East, in swimming, are mentally tougher.''
Collins's own mental toughness has faced a tragic test. During Teuscher's Olympic trials, his 2-year-old daughter, McKenzie, who was in poor health since birth, was taken seriously ill. She died on St. Patrick's Day. Her pluck and her memory are with John and Debbie Collins every day.
Behind that go-for-it resolve, his swimmers attest, is a softer caring side, which is just as important to Collins's coaching success. ''He takes no prisoners, but he won't give up on you,'' Tim Tulley, 13, of New Rochelle said.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>John Smith, the Labor Party leader, narrowly won a knockdown, drag-out struggle today to weaken the hold of Britain's unions over the Labor Party.
Reformers within the party were convinced that the move was necessary to improve the party's image and so help propel it out of the wilderness of opposition to the ruling Conversatives where it has languished for 14 years.
The issue of the relationship with the trade unions, which founded the party in 1900, has dominated the party's annual conference in this seaside resort since Monday. It turned into a major test of authority for Mr. Smith, the 55-year-old Scottish barrister who won the party leadership after Labor's defeat by the Tories in April, 1992.
Fulfilling a pledge made by Mr. Smith 16 months ago, the party leadership pushed through a series of changes in its rules to diminish the union's role in conference voting, in choosing the party leader and deputy leader and in selecting candidates to run for Parliament. Unions Oppose Changes
Lined up against him were some of the most powerful unions in the country, including the Transport and General Workers Union, with over a million members, and the General Municipal and Boilmakers Union, with 800,000.
The only contentious issue was over the procedure for choosing candidates for Parliament. The anti-reform unions wanted to retain some variation of the old system, in which locals of affiliated unions controlled blocs of up to 40 percent of the nominating votes in each district.
Now, the candidates will be selected by local party organizations on a straightforward one-member, one-vote basis. As a consolation to the unions, and also as a means of expanding total party membership beyond the current figure of 279,530, the party will make it easier for union members to join.
Those who already pay a "political levy" of $2.50 a year will be able to become full members by paying an additional $4.50 a year. The "political levy" raised by unions brings in $7.27 million of the party's annual revenues of $12.75 million and has long been the unions' main argument for claiming a central role in party affairs. Voters View of Labor
But the notion that the party was in thrall to union "barons," epitomized by the image of union leaders holding up cards to register huge blocs of votes at conferences, was widely thought to have hurt the party's standing with middle class British voters.
"The fact is that the public out there conceives of the Labor Party as being led by the nose by the unions," said Gavin Laird, general secretary of the Amalgamated Engineers and Electrical Union, which supported Mr. Smith's gamble to change the rules. In the end, the key issue of the rule change -- allowing parliamentary candidates to be selected by one-member, one vote -- squeaked by with 47.5 percent in favor to 44.3 percent against.
The 38 unions that are affiliated with the Labor Party have a membership of 4.6 million. But membership in the unions has been declining. And partly as a result of changes during the Conservative Governments of Margaret Thatcher, the unions are not the force in national life that they were in the immediate postwar years.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>John Nash, the Nets' general manager, was told last week that the organization will not renew his contract when it expires at the end of June, according to several people with knowledge of the organization.
Nash, who joined the Nets in 1996, was due to make approximately $800,000 next season, but he will instead receive a $250,000 buyout as compensation.
When the Nets hired Rod Thorn as team president last June, Thorn took a predominant role in player and personnel matters, duties that Nash had primarily overseen with Michael Rowe as team president.
Whereas Rowe was reassigned within the YankeeNets organization and Don Casey was fired as head coach, Nash survived the housecleaning after last season. But with the organization holding his option for next season, that did not last.
Nash was unavailable for comment yesterday and is leaving today for a scouting trip in Europe.
''John is very well respected and well liked in our industry and will have no problem landing back in the league,'' said Orlando General Manager John Gabriel, who learned of the decision through another National Basketball Association colleague. ''John understands the business. I think he's been around long enough to know that when change does come, and there is a change as drastic as they've had, it's not uncommon for there to be changes across the board.''
The Nets' decision to let Nash go is believed to be based in part on financial efficiency, since Thorn's and Nash's duties have, at times, overlapped. The team has not yet decided about a search for a new general manager.
If the Nets were not 15-34 and had not had three extended losing streaks as well as injuries to key players like Keith Van Horn, Kendall Gill, Kerry Kittles and Jamie Feick, it might have been more difficult for the organization to make this decision.
Since coming to the Nets, Nash has been involved in two high-profile trades, overseeing the Nets' acquisitions of Stephon Marbury and Van Horn. When he was the vice president and general manager for Washington for five years, he was responsible for acquiring Chris Webber in 1994. Webber then missed 83 games with a dislocated left shoulder from 1994 to 1996.
Nash also drafted Gheorghe Muresan, the 7-foot-7 Romanian center, with Washington, and later signed him as a free agent with the Nets. In the 1999 draft, Nash selected center Evan Eschmeyer in the second round. Eschmeyer has started in 18 games this season, including Sunday night's upset of the Philadelphia 76ers, and the Nets have won seven games with him as a starter.
Nash, 54, owns a thoroughbred farm in Pennsylvania and, as a former executive with the Atlantic City Race Course, is still active in the sport of horse racing.
''I think he's disappointed, but John does not wear his emotions on his sleeve,'' Gabriel said. ''He's a very private guy and doesn't overreact. It's like he is at the racetrack; he just takes the wins with the defeats and takes them in stride. He's had some back luck due to no fault of his own.''
PRO BASKETBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The star cyclist Richard Virenque has acknowledged using banned performance-enhancing drugs, the police said today.
Virenque is the former leader of the Festina team that was expelled from last year's Tour de France for doping. The police said that the 29-year-old French cyclist confessed that he had used products supplied by Bertrand Sainz, one of five people under investigation for involvement in an alleged drug-supplying network. Sainz, a horse breeder who is well known in bicycle racing circles, was seized by the Paris drug squad last week and is being held.
But Virenque did not say that he had used erythropoietin (EPO), an artifical endurance-boosting hormone that was at the center of the Tour de France doping scandal, or human growth hormone, another illegal drug in bicycle racing.
Instead, the police sources said, he acknowledged only that he had used homeopathic products, some of which are illegal in the sport but common otherwise, such as aspirin substitutes.
But Agence France-Presse reported that Virenque's lawyer, Gilbert Collard, said that his client had not admitted any doping offenses.
After initially balking today, the rider agreed to medical tests of his blood, urine and hair by the police to determine whether he had taken performance-enhancing drugs.
Unlike the majority of the nine-man Festina team in the Tour, and despite the testimony of the team's director, doctor and masseur, Virenque had never said he was involved in illegal drugs. The four-time top climber in the Tour and the second-place finisher two years ago, he now rides for the Polti team in Italy.
Sainz is accused of setting up a drug-distribution network along with a lawyer, Bertrand Lavelot, who has represented Virenque in his battle against doping allegations. Lavelot is also under investigation and is being held by the drug squad.
Virenque's reported confession followed a police report that he had  been heard asking for drugs after the police tapped Lavelot's phone. The report gave no date for the request.
Held for questioning, but later released, Virenque was not formally charged. On Monday, in a hearing in Lille as part of a separate police investigation into last year's Tour de France scandal, Virenque continued to deny any wrongdoing.
Another star rider, Frank Vandenbroucke, acknowledged today that he also used products supplied by Sainz, but said he was convinced that the products were homeopathic.
Speaking from his home in Belgium, Vandenbroucke, the seventh-ranked rider in the world, said, ''I was naive but not dishonest.''
The 24-year-old Belgian and a French teammate, Philippe Gaumont, were both suspended by their sponsor, Cofidis, Monday after they too were seized by the Paris drug squad last week. Gaumont is under continuing police investigation, but Vandenbroucke is not.
Vandenbroucke said he had been helped by Sainz's treatments, which he described as involving homeopathic substances and periods of fasting to cleanse his system. Sainz later gave him injections, assuring Vandenbroucke that the products were legal, the rider said. He added that he had paid 7,000 French francs ($1,100) for the substances and 50,000 francs in doctors' fees.
As the scandal continued to widen, two leading Spanish teams, ONCE and Banesto, warned that they might not compete in this year's Tour de France. They were among five teams that pulled out of last year's race to protest police actions in a crackdown on drugs.
The two teams said they would not return if conditions for the teams and riders are similar to last year, when the police raided team hotels and a ONCE doctor was placed under investigation on doping charges.
''We won't go to the Tour just to retire later,'' the Banesto manager, Jose Miguel Echavarri, told the Spanish newspaper El Mundo.
Manolo Saiz, the directeur sportif for ONCE, said, ''It's still too early to know how far the detentions and court procedures are going to go. It's clear that it can't carry on like this. The stories coming out of France are very worrying.''
CYCLING<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Kelly Kip, the speedy and undefeated 2-year-old star of the Saratoga season, drew the inside post today for the 92d running of the Hopeful Stakes, the career-making sprint that could show eight colts the route to next year's Kentucky Derby.
The Grade I race will be run at seven furlongs Saturday as the second of two stakes for juveniles that will command the Saratoga stage on its final weekend. The first, the 105th running of the Spinaway, will be held Friday with nine fillies racing in the footsteps of Ruffian, Meadow Star, Flanders and other champions of the past.
But trainers of colts and fillies alike conceded today that it was a long stride from the juvenile races of Saratoga's summer to the classics of next spring.
''Saturday will tell us if he's going to be a sprinter or a nice little horse,'' said Allen Jerkens, who trains Kelly Kip for Jack Dreyfus and his Hobeau Farm. ''Before I even think about anything, I want to see what he does Saturday. If he's going to be a distance horse, we can always find out next year.''
Kelly Kip won his first three starts with stunning speed. In his debut at Belmont Park on June 21, he set a track record by dashing five furlongs in 553/5  seconds. In his second start, he won a stakes race, the Grade III Tremont, by 4 1/2 lengths. In his third, he swept the six-furlong Sanford on opening day here by 10 1/2 lengths.
He will be tested by Smoke Glacken, who is 3 for 4 at Monmouth Park but has never raced away from home.
Owned by Robert P. Levy and trained by Henry Carroll, he won the Sapling Stakes two weeks ago and drew the No. 6 post for the Hopeful.
In the Spinaway, the chief contenders are How About Now and Last Two States, owned by Barry K. Schwartz and trained by Michael Hushion. They raced into the spotlight when How About Now made a late run that won the opening-day feature for juvenile fillies, the Schuylerville. But they will face a major rival in Storm Song, who won the second race in the juvenile filly series, the Adirondack.
And, as in the Hopeful, an outsider has arrived from Monmouth Park to pose another challenge. She is Annie Cake, and she comes with an entourage that must set records for longevity: Anderson Fowler, the owner, is 84, and Virgil (Buddy) Raines, the trainer, is 85.
FINISH LINES
You have to run a mile and five-eighths to win the Waya Stakes, and the North Cliff Farm's 5-year-old mare Ampulla, trained by PATRICK BYRNE, got there first by six lengths Thursday over Look Daggers, trained by BILL MOTT. It was Ampulla's first victory in five starts since she left Dubai last spring. She ran the 13 furlongs in 2:40 and paid $6.60 for a $2 bet. . . . The five-and-a-half-week meeting closes with the Diana at a mile and an eighth on the turf Sunday, and a doubleheader Monday: the Forego sprint and the mile-and-five-eighths Seneca on the turf.
HORSE RACING<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Life on Mend Ends in Attack
After time in jail, Alexander Ortiz turned his life around. But he died pleading with two men not to shoot his pregnant girlfriend. Page 45.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Local school boards are trying to block the opening of more than half of the 23 charter schools around the state that are scheduled to begin operating in September, state education officials said yesterday.
Thirteen local school boards have filed challenges with the State Board of Education against the special schools, whose charters were approved by the State Department of Education earlier this year, said Roslynne Novack, director of the board's appeals office. If the board decides to approve the appeals next month, the schools will have their charters revoked, Ms. Novack said.
Last year, the first year of the state's charter school program, only two local districts filed appeals against charter schools and both won, Ms. Novack said. There are now 13 such schools, which are publicly financed but independently run, operating in the state.
The increased opposition to the charter schools program reflects a growing concern about the financial impact of charter schools on public school budgets, said John Patella, a spokesman for the New Jersey School Boards Association.
Districts are required to pay 90 percent of their average cost-per-pupil for each student enrolled in a charter school even if the student did not previously attend public school, Mr. Patella said.
METRO NEWS BRIEFS: NEW YORK<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>BAUMAN--Sidney. March 25, 1914-April 21, 2004. Grew up alone to master the ways of NY and win the woman of his dreams. The wounded W.W. II Vet returned to raise his children and worship his wife in a blazing romance that burns still. From the race tracks to the night clubs he was ''Bub'' to his wife ''Red'' as they embodied the city's style and glamour of their time. Proud, knowing and always gracious, he was the host wherever he went. Worldly wise and tough, except when leading the band in ''You're Nobody 'Til Somebody Loves You.'' He is survived by his infatuated wife Florence, children Steven and Fern, grandchildren Beau, Spencer, Sean and Ben. We love you more. Services Monday, April 26, 11:00 AM. Lang Tobia Dipalma Funeral Home, 406 Deerpark Ave, Babylon, NY 11702. 631-669-4040.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>After colliding with another cab, a city taxicab spun out of control on a Midtown street yesterday and crashed into a popular sidewalk newsstand, killing a 76-year-old Manhattan man buying a newspaper.
The runaway cab struck the stand, on the south side of 57th Street, just east of Second Avenue, at 11:55 a.m., the police said. The cab dashed the stand's thin sides of metal and wood, scattering newspapers and candy across the sidewalk. It pinned the man to the side of a Duane Reade drugstore, witnesses said.
The cabdriver had minor injuries and was not charged with any crime because ''he apparently just lost control,'' a police spokeswoman said.
The victim, Ralph Onorato, lived nearby at 303 East 57th Street. Police officers at the scene said Mr. Onorato was taken to New York Weill Cornell Medical Center, where a spokesman said he was pronounced dead a few hours later.
The accident snarled traffic in a section of Midtown thick with tourists and post-holiday shoppers.
The newsstand was a pile of twisted metal awash in newspaper pages and scattered cigarette boxes.
''I was inside, and I just felt something hit me from behind,'' said Nurul Amin, who was working at the newsstand. ''Then I was on the ground with everything on top of me.'' Mr. Amin was pulled out of the debris by Cris Falcon, 60, a doorman from 300 East 57th Street, an apartment building on the corner of Second Avenue and 57th Street.
The cab, whose driver could not be immediately identified, was southbound on Second Avenue when it collided with another cab, driven by Azhar Iqbal, 43, just north of 58th Street.
''After we collided, he just kept barreling out of control, all the way down into the newsstand,'' said Mr. Iqbal, 43.
Iris Katz, 50, visiting from Israel, said she was driving behind the runaway cab and ''he hit the other cab and just went zigzagging a whole block, into the newsstand.''
The cab hopped the curb, sideswiped a public phone stand and plunged into the newsstand and then into a drugstore window.
Peter Kastan, a salesman who lives nearby, said he was walking toward the newsstand to buy a lottery ticket but changed his mind just before the cab hit.
He stared at the scene and said: ''I could've been in there. That was the luckiest lottery ticket I never bought.''
In another accident yesterday, a man was seriously injured when he was struck by a car at 114th Road and Sutphin Boulevard in South Jamaica about 2 p.m. The pedestrian, German Acosta-Disla, 32, was in critical condition last night at Mary Immaculate Hospital, and the driver of the car that hit him, Patricia Cauling, 54, of Jamaica, was charged with drunken driving, the police said.
In a crash in Greenwich Village, a police car collided with a cab at the intersection of Washington Square East and Washington Square South around 6:45 p.m., injuring the cabdriver and two officers in the police car. A witness, Rico Fonseca, said the police car raced through a red light at the intersection, hitting the cab, but the police said they could not confirm his account.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A front-page picture caption on Sunday about Palestinians who walked on the beach in Gaza after Israeli bulldozers severed the main road misstated the direction in which most were moving. It was north, not south.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>ASIATE in the Mandarin Oriental New York hotel is the first restaurant to open in the Time Warner Center at Columbus Circle. The chef, NORI SUGIE , left, is from Japan but has worked in France and Australia and with Charlie Trotter in Chicago. He uses local and Japanese ingredients in dishes like lobster in a casserole with a vegetable and shellfish broth, and a green apple and lime parfait with apple soup. The restaurant has 90 seats and is on the 35th floor, the lobby level of the hotel, which occupies 20 floors in the north building of the complex. Glass curtain walls on two sides open the subdued, elegant room, which was designed by Tony Chi, to sweeping views of Central Park and the Upper East and West Sides.
After five years, AVENUE, 520 Columbus Avenue (85th Street), has changed its name and its personality. It is now 520, with an American menu -- crab cakes, grilled sea bass, plum crumb tart -- replacing the French bistro fare. The chef, CHRISTINA KELLY, is still in the kitchen.
SUI has opened at 54 Spring Street (Mulberry Street). ADAM ROTH , who is the chef and an owner, serves nontraditional Japanese food in a setting with a waterfall behind the sushi bar.
CRAIG KOKETSU, who was the executive sous-chef of Lespinasse when it closed, has become the executive chef of the MANHATTAN OCEAN CLUB. He replaces JONATHAN PARKER, who has left for San Antonio, where he will be the chef at PESCA ON THE RIVER, in the Watermark Hotel, which will open at the end of the year.
CLAUDIA FLEMING, the pastry chef who left Gramercy Tavern to work for Pret a Manger, the London-based sandwich chain, has returned to the kitchen. She is doing desserts as a consultant for FIVE POINTS in NoHo.
MICHAEL FINEHIRSH, the original pastry chef at TOQUEVILLE, is back. He left to work at Lutece, Payard and Jean Georges.
FOOD STUFF<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Revamped in SoHo
When the husband and son of the country's first female Vice Presidential candidate open a restaurant, there is something wonderfully fitting about it. Which is why Cascabel, a year-old SoHo restaurant, has been more famous for its proprietors than for its food. But the Zaccaros, John Jr. and Sr., were not happy with the situation, so they invited Tom Valenti to be their chef and partner.
The restaurant reopened just 10 days ago, and it is already clear that Mr. Valenti, the former chef of Alison on Dominick Street in the South Village, has reordered the priorities; when food is this good, it does not really matter who owns the place.
Mr. Valenti is not a show-off chef, but he is blessed with the ability to make food really delicious. At the moment his menu is filled with many of the dishes he made famous on Dominick Street; here is his chickpea pancake topped with a tornado of gravlax, and there is his salad of charred lamb with lemon mayonnaise. His skate is on the menu too, perched atop its smoky bed of sauteed cabbage. Mr. Valenti has even brought along his signature lamb shank.
There is also a whole range of intriguing pasta dishes like slowly cooked tripe tossed with penne, tomatoes and chili oil. This is robust and original food.
When Mr. Valenti announced that he planned to leave Alison, he said he felt it was time for a change. He wanted, he said, to broaden his range. It will be interesting to find out exactly what that means.
Cascabel, 218 Lafayette Street, near Spring Street, SoHo, (212) 431-7300. Entrees $14 to $24. Kimchi With Music
In Seoul, it is not uncommon to find a pianist playing in a restaurant. Still, it is something of a shock to walk into Kum Gang San in Flushing, Queens, and find the man at the piano playing "Danny Boy" while people at the tables all around are tucking into raw crabs in chile paste and fiery cabbage pickles.
This is the restaurant where local Koreans take their American friends, walking them past the waterfall outside and across the little wooden bridge. The regulars don't ask for the menu; they know they want haemul pajun, the large scallion-sprinkled seafood pancake, and bul goki, the sweet beef grilled at the table. They also know they don't want to miss the restaurant's version of steak tartare, a mound of ice-cold beef slicked with sesame and served with crunchy slivers of Korean pear.
The quality of the food is superb, and the panchan, the Korean equivalent of antipasto, tend to be more numerous and more diverse than they are in Manhattan. Even if you don't read Korean, ordering is easy: the menu is not only translated into English but is also fully illustrated.
Kum Gang San, 138-28 Northern Boulevard, Flushing, Queens, (718) 461-0909. Entrees $7.95 to $14.95.  RUTH REICHL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>MADELEINE'S GHOST  By Robert Girardi. 356 pp. New York: Delacorte Press. $21.95.
IN Robert Girardi's first novel, "Madeleine's Ghost," the title character just wants to go home to the plantation at Belle Azure. And she's been waiting 150 years for the right person to take her there. At last he shows up in the person of Ned Conti, an antic wanderer and real-life picaro.
Six months from finishing his dissertation, 32-year-old Ned is lovelorn, broke and blocked. A displaced Louisianian, he is living in a haunted apartment, but at $375 for a two-bedroom in Brooklyn, who wouldn't put up with a poltergeist? Reduced to temp work, Ned responds to a want ad in The U.S. Catholic Historian.
Brooklyn is hell. Steam rises from the streets, the sky throbs red, and 12-year-olds are shooting each other on the steps of St. Basil's. Father Rose (who believes in revirginization) is sure that what Brooklyn needs is "a saint who will hear our prayers and put in a good word for us with God." Ned's job is to sift through 30 ancient boxes of church records for proof of the sainthood of Sister Januarius, a nun from the Nursing Sisters of the Cross, who arrived in Brooklyn from New Orleans in 1846. She worked in the brothels near the docks, and we will discover that she is somehow connected to the mysterious Madeleine of the title.
Despite having the worst case of Louisiana anomie since Walker Percy's Binx, Ned lights into the work. He's a hilarious mix of longing and arrested development, which is why he feels compelled to count how many times he has sex and in what part of the car.
There's nothing to admire about the girl he left behind him, Antoinette Marie Jeanne d'Aurevilley Rivaudais, except that she can hang wallpaper. But when Ned got his first glimpse of her dancing on a bar back in New Orleans, wearing cowboy boots and a short red dress, he was transmogrified.
Turning to his college roommate, Molesworth, he wondered, "How could you say she's not beautiful?"
"I didn't say that. . . . I just said she wasn't to my taste, which means I don't fancy a shotgun between the eyes."us100
By now we know enough about Ned to figure that fear of getting murdered by Antoinette's current boyfriend could hardly be a deterrent. Watching her mix a frozen cocktail, Ned thought, "There are those rare nights reach exceeds grasp and the implausible becomes as real as the coins in our pocket." When he ran into Antoinette again, two weeks later, she was so overdosed she couldn't get undressed by herself.
"O.K.," the smitten Ned said, agreeing to help. "Think of me as your doctor."
The narrative zings along, going back and forth in time, driven by history and gonads. Why do I like this guy so much? He's gracious to bag ladies. He can list all he possesses in a single sentence with four commas. He distinguishes between making love and having sex. And he tries to talk his way out of a mugging by telling the story of General Gordon's getting hacked to death by dervishes in Khartoum. That Ned continues to pine for the narcissistic Antoinette has to do with his yearning for the redemptive power of love and its ability to help us confront mortality. Mr. Girardi doesn't hit you over the head with this. Love is like faith: either you have it or you don't.
Ned's investigations into the saint and his ghost disclose a seance, a suicide, some miracles and a mummy. A woman breast-feeds poisonous snakes, 10 slaves are crucified, and there are people eating people. Ned's historical perspective will remind you that humanity has always been bonkers. Things aren't worse now. We just see them closer up and faster, thanks to CNN.
Quibbles: If you were almost fatally poisoned by oysters you shared with the person you loved most in the world, wouldn't you call that person and say, "How are you?" Ghosts and miracles I can accept. But do women in New York pick up strangers in bars for one-night stands, then leave them alone in the apartment with a note to let themselves out?
I've never been sure what a beach book is, but there's a good chance "Madeleine's Ghost" is one. It is so freshly observed that the sound of surf won't distract you. When you laugh out loud, nobody will complain. When the covers are closed, what's irritating about it disappears faster than sand between your toes.  Patricia Volk's most recent book is "All It Takes," a collection of short stories.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>An article on Aug. 10 about an interview by The New York Times with President Jiang Zemin of China, and the textual excerpts with it, included an erroneously translated phrase from a Chinese government interpreter in some copies, regarding the spread of local elections. Mr. Jiang should have been quoted as praising direct election of leaders at the village level and the township level; he did not speak of the county level. His reference to townships, however, was apparently a slip; elections have not taken place at that level.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD:  Technology
Technology
Scientists have begun to combine two or more substances to create new computer chips that switch electronic signals hundreds of times faster than existing versions..  [ Page A1. ]
The Government should aggressively organize a program to develop superconducting materials, a Presidential panel said.  [ A1. ] Markets
Boyd L. Jefferies accused GAF and one of its senior executives of asking him to manipulate the price of Union Carbide stock.  [ D1. ]
A study says ''poison pills'' do not raise stock prices and challenges earlier defenses of the anti-takeover strategies.  [ D5. ]
The trading year got off to a rough start as the Dow Jones industrial average fell 23.93 points, to close at 2,144.64.  [ D1. ]
The credit markets opened on a sour note, as prices of Treasury notes and bonds fell sharply in light trading.  [ D15. ]
The dollar fell, then rebounded a bit on a report that U.S. naval vessels were being sent to the Mediterranean.  [ D16. ]
Coffee futures prices rose sharply despite weekend showers in the major coffee-growing region of Brazil.  [ D16. ] International
British Petroleum will sell its mining operations to RTZ and buy back much of Kuwait's stake in B.P. Each deal is valued at about $4.3 billion.  [ D1. ]
Corporate image advertising arrived in Moscow, as Izvestia, the Government's daily paper, published its first ads for Western companies.  [ D1. ]  A trade war between Moscow and some Eastern European allies is quickening.  [ A2. ]
Israel's Finance Minister, Shimon Peres, ran into opposition to his austerity plan, particularly in his own Labor Party.  [ A6. ]
The European Community will present a proposal to the U.S. this week that it hopes will ease a dispute over beef.  [ D20. ] Companies
Pepsico and General Cinema canceled their $1.5 billion deal, in which Pepsi would have acquired more bottling operations, citing delays caused by F.T.C. questions.  [ D1. ]
CBS Records will pay $30 million for Tree International, the last country music publisher to be operated in Nashville.  [ D1. ]
A Federal judge upheld Mead's complaint that Toyota's Lexus models violate the trademark of Mead's Lexis data base.  [ D17. ]
Chrysler is developing a huge 10-cylinder engine that it hopes to place in a sports car by the early 1990's.  [ D5. ]
The Transportation Department will comply with a court order awarding the Seattle-to-Tokyo route to Continental Airlines.  [ D7. ]
The Chicago Sun-Times will buy Pioneer Press, a suburban newspaper chain, from the Field Corporation.  [ D17. ]
Kohlberg, Kravis, Roberts is examining Mcorp's financial records to determine whether to bid.  [ D5. ] The Economy
President Reagan's last budget is likely to project spending of $10 billion a year to cope with the savings industry.  [ D9. ]
Two consultants gave $1,000 gifts to a Navy official to bolster Hazeltine's bid for a contract, investigators believe.  [ A12. ]
Construction spending rose 0.8 percent in November, reflecting an increase in work on homes and government projects.  [ D2. ] Today's Columns
The cost of the savings cleanup can be minimized if Congress accepts some responsibility. Peter Passell: Economic Scene.  [ D2. ]
Companies wait to raise dividends until business is strong, but by then stock prices have often peaked. Market Place.  [ D8. ]
FCB/Leber Katz is turning to computers in an attempt to bolster its profitability. Advertising.  [ D17. ]<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Guerrillas fired 53 rockets into Kabul today, killing 30 people and wounding 167 in the worst bombardment of the Afghan capital in a year, Government officials and hospital workers said.
Guerrillas fired 53 rockets into Kabul today, killing 30 people and wounding 167 in the worst bombardment of the Afghan capital in a year, Government officials and hospital workers said.
United Nations officials in Kabul said they had sent an urgent request to their Geneva office for an airlift of medical supplies to Afghanistan.
Jean-Jacques Fresard, head of the International Committee of the Red Cross in Kabul, said hospitals were unable to cope with the number of wounded.
''The situation is really serious,'' he said. Ammunition Depot Hit
The attack began shortly after midnight, when a rocket landed on an ammunition depot near the airport, setting off explosions and huge flames that lit up the sky for about two hours.
Foreign relief workers living in central Kabul said they had been sleeping under stairways for the past few nights for fear of rockets.
The Supreme Defense Council held emergency meetings to discuss the attacks on the capital, which has come under increased shelling in the past week from the Muslim rebels, who are fighting to overthrow the pro-Soviet Afghan government. Setbacks at Jalalabad
The rocket attacks on Kabul have occurred as the guerrillas have suffered setbacks in their siege of the eastern city of Jalalabad, a battle that is considered an important test of the rebels' ability to overthrow the Government.
The ammunition depot that was attacked today was the first purely military target in Kabul hit by the rebels in several months. Most missiles have landed in residential areas, causing little damage to buildings but killing victims in a hail of fragments.
Afghan officials said they believed that the rebels were firing from bases 25 to 30 miles away and were pinpointing targets rather than aiming haphazardly as in the past.
The rockets today hit seven of the capital's 11 administrative districts.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>THE Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, long known for its well-mannered culture, may soon see a battle royal for its top office.
In a move intended to give several top managers more responsibilities, Bristol-Myers announced a series of high-level executive appointments yesterday that immediately raised questions on Wall Street.
There is no clear line of succession at Bristol-Myers, though Charles A. Heimbold Jr., the chairman and chief executive, plans to retire in 2001, and Kenneth Weg, the company's executive vice president, plans to leave a year earlier.
Yesterday's announcement not only failed to answer the succession question, but it also appeared to create a race among several Bristol-Myers executives.
''It does look like there is no heir apparent,'' said David Saks, a managing director at Gruntal & Company. ''What Heimbold is doing is raising a lot of people's titles, giving them more responsibility and then letting the field sort itself out for the chief executive's job.''
As in the Kentucky Derby, this  race is a crowded field. The new responsibilities are effective Dec. 1.
Donald J. Hayden Jr., who was president of the intercontinental, worldwide pharmaceuticals group,  was named president of the company's worldwide medicines group. Richard J. Lane, president of United States medicines, will assume new responsibilities for worldwide franchise management and for the consumer medicines businesses in this country and Japan. Christine A. Poon, one of the highest-ranking women in the pharmaceuticals industry, who was president of the medical devices group, will become president of international medicines, reporting to Mr. Hayden.
John L. McGoldrick, the company's general counsel, was also named president of the medical devices group. And Michael F. Mee, the chief financial officer, will assume additional responsibilities for global business services.
Analysts were quick to peg Mr. Hayden, Mr. McGoldrick and Mr. Mee as front-runners, with disclaimers attached to each. At 42, Mr. Hayden is young to run such a large company, but his pharmaceutical position may be preferred by the board.
Analysts say Mr. McGoldrick has a bad assignment because Wall Street has frequently prodded the company to sell the medical devices group. Adding to the odds against Mr. McGoldrick and Mr. Mee, analysts say, are their reputations for being confrontational, unusual for Bristol-Myers's genteel ranks.
While Wall Street will keep a close watch, Mr. Heimbold is not amused by the mention of an executive race for his job. He contended that he was merely giving his executives an opportunity to gain more experience.
''These executive changes are one way for us to increase our growth rate and shareholder value,'' Mr. Heimbold said. ''We do focus on competitive superiority. But our goal is to beat our competition.''
The naming of Mr. Heimbold's successor may become more exciting than expected. Analysts noted that Bristol-Myers has no mandatory retirement age for its chairman, which would allow Mr. Heimbold to remain in the post longer than expected. Mr. Heimbold said yesterday that he would not leave the company until a successor was in place.
''A race of this kind is good for the company and good for the shareholders,'' Mr. Saks said. ''At least we know everyone who is involved will be working a little harder.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>E. Tamu Bess, a former special assistant to Basil Patterson when he was deputy mayor of New York City and New York State Secretary of State, died Aug. 1 in Midway Hospital Medical Center in Los Angeles. She was 39 years old and lived in Los Angeles.
Ms. Bess died in surgery after being shot in an attempted robbery in front of the home of a colleague, the Los Angeles police said.
Before Ms. Bess moved to Los Angeles last year, she had worked in politics, philanthropy, social service and the arts in New York City.
In politics, in addition to her work with Mr. Patterson, she helped organize the New York City Black Political Convention in 1982. She had been executive director of the Twenty-First Century Foundation, established to finance eceonomic development in black communities, and was a board member of the Black United Fund. She also helped restructure the summer camp and after-school programs of Minisink Town House, a Harlem settlement house that she attended as a child.
Ms. Bess had worked to produce the 10th anniversary program of the Black Filmmaker Foundation and was talent coordinator for "Spike & Company: Do It A Cappella," broadcast last year by PBS.
In Los Angeles, she worked in film publicity.
In the 1970's she took the name Tamu, which means sweetness in Swahili, and used the initial of her given first name, Evna.
She is survived by her mother, Dorothy T. Ellington Ashley of Washington, and her brother, David Ellington of Los Angeles.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>First Minister David Trimble of Northern Ireland resigned his post today, casting the struggle to bring political stability to the conflicted province into uncertainty at the beginning of Ulster's most turbulent period, the Protestant marching season.
Mr. Trimble's postdated resignation took effect one minute past midnight, a deadline he had set two months ago for action by the Irish Republican Army to honor its promise to begin disarming. The I.R.A. made no response in that time, and Mr. Trimble, who remains leader of the Ulster Unionists, said his party was no longer willing to take part in government with Sinn Fein, the I.R.A.'s political arm, while the guerrilla group remained fully armed.
The British and Irish governments pledged to begin intensive talks with Northern Ireland's politicians starting Monday to keep Mr. Trimble's departure from bringing on the collapse of the fragile government, which was created three years ago on a formula that apportioned power among Catholics and Protestants.
Mr. Trimble appointed the economy minister, Sir Reg Empey, to act unofficially in his place to allow the Assembly to meet on key decisions, and he said he hoped to return to the province's top office himself, but only if the I.R.A. acted first.
There were disturbances overnight in Northern Ireland, where pipe bombs exploded without harming anyone outside two homes in North Belfast, the scene of sectarian rioting a week ago. There were also barrages of bricks and bottles between Protestants and Catholics observing this year's first march, a parade by the militant Protestant Orange Order on Saturday that passed by a Catholic neighborhood in West Belfast. The annual parade of Orangemen from Drumcree church outside Portadown, an event that has caused rioting through the province in recent years, is scheduled for next Sunday.
Mr. Trimble made his comments today in Thiepval, France, where he took part in commemorations marking the 85th anniversary of the Battle of the Somme in World War I; 5,500 of the 19,000 British killed that day were Ulstermen.
He said the deadline for an I.R.A. weapons move was not of his making but had been agreed to in May 2000 by Sinn Fein, which said then that it would ''completely and verifiably put I.R.A. arms beyond use'' by now.  It was, he added, the second such deadline since the 1998 Northern Ireland peace agreement that created the power-sharing government. ''It is perfectly clear that unless people honor their commitments, we're not going into the breach for a third time,'' he said.
The I.R.A. has been observing a cease-fire for nearly four years, and it has agreed twice to inspections of secret arms dumps by international monitors. Protestant politicians argue that those steps are not enough, and in recent weeks, as the time of Mr. Trimble's make-or-break gamble approached, a number of Catholic leaders -- including Ireland's prime minister, Bertie Ahern -- joined in the calls for further action.
Seamus Mallon of the moderate Catholic Social Democratic and Labor Party was obliged by law to give up his seat today also, and he lashed out at the I.R.A. for its unwillingness to disarm and at Sinn Fein for defending the I.R.A. inaction. ''I have heard all kinds of excuses, spurious reasons, almost unlimited,'' he said. Disarmament, he argued, ''is required by the Irish people.''
Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain paid tribute to Mr. Trimble today as ''a good first minister for the people of Northern Ireland'' and said he hoped that he would return to his post. Britain believes that Mr. Trimble is the only politician capable of keeping the increasingly distrustful Protestants involved in government with Sinn Fein, and they sympathize with the problems that the I.R.A.'s intransigence has caused him with his Ulster Unionist party members.
Mr. Blair and Mr. Ahern met with politicians in Belfast on Thursday in an unsuccessful last-ditch attempt to forestall today's action. Both men are expected to return to the province in the weeks to come to press for a resolution to the arms issue, which has long bedeviled the push for peace.
In Dublin, Gerry Adams, the Sinn Fein president, accused Mr. Trimble of ''kamikaze politics,'' and he protested the growing consensus that I.R.A. disarmament was the block to progress. The party argues that the British government bears the blame for the stalemate because it has not reduced its military presence in the North enough and has not produced a new police force acceptable to Catholics to replace the Royal Ulster Constabulary.
''If the whole process is going to be predicated upon the issue of weapons when weapons aren't the problem, then the whole process, I think, becomes counterproductive,'' Mr. Adams said.
Today began a six-week period in which Britain and Ireland must either come up with an end to the arms impasse that will permit Mr. Trimble to return to office or call new elections for the 108-member Northern Ireland Assembly. If things get to that point, Britain is likely to suspend the Belfast government and put Northern Ireland once again under direct rule from London. The British fear that new elections in Ulster would run the risk of putting into power Protestant politicians with far less interest in sharing power with the Catholic minority.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: The fuel-economy standard for 1989 passenger cars will remain at 26.5 miles per gallon, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said today.
The fuel-economy standard for 1989 passenger cars will remain at 26.5 miles per gallon, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said today.
The decision does not alter the ruling last week by Transportation Secretary Samuel Skinner that the standard would rise to 27.5 miles a gallon for 1990 cars.
Two advocacy groups, the Center for Auto Safety and Public Citizen, had asked the highway agency to allow the fuel economy standard to rise to 27.5 miles per gallon, the mileage prescribed for 1989 cars under a 1975 law intended to reduce dependence on foreign oil.
Mileage standards of that law had since been suspended and the mileages allowed to remain lower at the urging of automakers. The standard is the mileage that a manufacturer must achieve as an average for all the models in its fleet of passenger cars.
In their petition, the organizations had argued that the agency erred in determining that General Motors Corporation could not meet a standard higher than 26.5 miles per gallon and in blaming the company's declining sales on the fuel standards. A Peculiar Position
In announcing last week that he would allow the standard to rise for 1990 models to 27.5 miles per gallon, Secretary Skinner said he hoped the higher standard would encourage the automakers to make more efficient cars.
The highway administration is an arm of the Transportation Department, so the agency was in the peculiar position of defending a standard for 1989 that the head of its parent department had declared unacceptable.
''If the agency had applied the same standards to 1989 as it did to 1990, it would have kept the standard at 27.5 mpg,'' said Clarence Ditlow, director of the Center for Auto Safety. ''Today's decision is simply inconsistent with last week's decision by Secretary Skinner. One of the two decisions has to be wrong, and we're sure Secretary Skinner was wrong this week and right last week.''
The 1975 law set a gradually rising scale of fuel economy with the goal of reaching 27.5 miles per gallon. The law, however, allowed the Transportation Department to loosen the standard through administrative order to account for economic and technical factors.
The standard was loosened under that provision to 26 miles per gallon in 1986 at the request of the automakers, and remained there until 1989.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>PARMENTER-Charles Ross. In his 88th year, on October 18, 1999. Beloved uncle of Nina Visart of Pasadena, CA; Sandra Campbell of Toronto, Canada; and John Radcliff of British Columbia. Also survived by eight grandnieces and grandnephews. Ross was Music Editor of The New York Times from 1955-1964, having joined The Times in 1934. Also, he was author of 11 books and several unpublished manuscripts. In his later years, he became an acknowledged expert in the interpretation of early Mexican colonial pictorial manuscripts called lienzos. He will be deeply missed by all who knew and loved him. Memorial service Saturday, October 23, 1999, at 2PM at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Avenue at 81st Street.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>March Madness is about buzzer beaters, upsets by Princeton, Fab Fives -- and gobs of cash. With CBS Sports in control of televising the men's Division I basketball tournament, the National Collegiate Athletic Association has benefited mightily from the network's generosity.
A three-year, $166 million deal made the N.C.A.A. comfy from 1988 to 1990.
That was replaced by a seven-year, $1 billion deal to run through 1997.
Both sides were so pleased with each other that in 1994, they tore up the deal with three years remaining and wrote a new one that called for CBS to pay $1.7 billion from 1995 until 2002. No other networks got to bid.
CBS's rights payment of $200.9 million in 1998 accounted for 88 percent of the revenues for the tournament, dwarfing ticket sales of $24.7 million.
With three years of Madness left before the current contract expires, the N.C.A.A. evidently wants to cash in, asking willing suitors to submit proposals for what could be a 10-year deal worth $4 billion or more. The offers -- a starting point for negotiations -- are due as early as next week.
Wally Renfro, an N.C.A.A. spokesman, declined to comment.
The roster of CBS's competitors will be ABC/ESPN, Fox/Fox Sports Net and ISL Worldwide, the firm that markets the Olympics and the World Cup. (NBC is not interested.) Incumbency usually has its advantages, but in this case CBS will not have one of them: the right to match a competitor's offer.
The combination of the Walt Disney Company's ABC and ESPN divisions appears to present CBS's strongest challenge. If the N.C.A.A. wants broader coverage of the tournament -- that is, showing all games nationally and possibly adding a day or two to the first and second rounds -- then ABC, ESPN and ESPN2 provide a powerful package. ESPN and ESPN2 would carry nearly all the games, with ABC showing some weekend telecasts and with cross-promotions to tournament oldies playing on ESPN Classic.
''We feel we have the perfect platform to support the N.C.A.A.'s growth,'' said Rosa Gatti, an ESPN spokeswoman.
Fox is interested, but it cannot offer everything ABC/ESPN can. Fox Sports Net cannot clear out its busy National Hockey League and National Basketball Association schedules to accommodate the spring tournament as fastidiously as ESPN and ESPN2 can. Also, F.S.N. would not be able to carry as many of the other championships staged by the N.C.A.A. as ESPN and ESPN2 can.
CBS is formidable. As a division of Viacom, which agreed to buy CBS this week for $37 billion, CBS would be in a corporate family with MTV and VH1, which are not natural cable partners for the tournament. Viacom's portfolio also includes a stake in the UPN network. CBS could argue that UPN as a partner would keep all games on broadcast TV, which reaches more fans than cable. Or, it could team up with a cable network like the USA Network, as it does in golf, or with TNT, its partner on the past three Winter Olympics.
CBS has an Internet sports strategy through its 20 percent stake in Sportsline USA, one of several Web investments by the company. In July, 4.2 million ''unique'' home and workplace users visited CBS Sportsline, according to the Media Metrix research firm, compared with 4.0 million for ESPN.com.
There is no way to know whether Viacom will be less hungry to keep March Madness at nearly double CBS's current payments, or feel so ravenous to keep a marquee property that the cost would be a mere bag of shells.
Yet Sumner Redstone, Viacom's chairman, must be convinced that $400 million for a three-week event is necessary, or worthwhile, at a time when CBS is also paying $500 million annually for its National Football League rights. Mel Karmazin, the CBS chief executive who would be Viacom's president, is especially persuasive; he persuaded the world that CBS would not lose money on its N.F.L. deal.
It is also hard to tell how much the digital future will play during these negotiations. If the technology of digital compression transmits not one, but four CBS networks, then a cable partnership may not be crucial.
The wild card is ISL, which would like to be a partner with a network. It is well known to the N.C.A.A. for trumpeting a proposal for a post-season college football playoff. For March Madness, ISL could help finance a network's bid to get hold of the marketing rights. More adventurously, ISL could buy the rights to the entire tournament and sell half to one network, half to another.
Speculation about whose assets are better ultimately may not matter. At issue is whether any bidder is willing to risk letting the tournament slip away for a decade without making a blockbuster offer. As one executive involved in trying to buy the N.C.A.A. package said, ''The advantage goes to the carrier that is willing to make the biggest investment.''
Airwaves
''1st & Ten,'' Sportvision Inc.'s yellow, electronic first-down line, which debuted last year on ESPN's Sunday Night Football, will be seen on ABC's ''Monday Night Football'' and Fox's N.F.L. telecasts this season. CBS uses a similar, but different technology. . . . The return of ''Kiner's Korner'' after Wednesday's Mets game on Fox Sports New York was worth waiting for, if only for Ralph Kiner's memories of Choo Choo Coleman. The ''Korner'' generated a 1.4 rating, a small drop-off from the 1.6 for the game.
TV SPORTS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3*Aegon N.V. (AEG,N)
Year to Dec 31
1994
1993
Revenue
11,321,000,000
10,139,000,000
Net inc
b632,000,000
b541,000,000
Share earns
6.15
5.33
b-Included realized gains on shares and real estate of $ 93 million in the latest year and $ 75 million in 1993. Aegon said that the per common share earnings in 1993 have been adjusted for share dividend. Revenue represented total revenues. Results are in U.S. dollars; average rate was $ 1 equaled NLG 1.82 (1993: $ 1 equaled NLG 1.856).<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>From ancient Greece to Guangzhou 2005, Africa to Arcadia, we hit the five big spring trends and offer up points of navigation. So if you aren't ready for the glamorous gladiator-goddess look, you can always just buy a nice book on antiquities and call it a season.
STYLE<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>With the possible exception of the presidency, no institution in Washington is as closely associated with the Bush family today as the Central Intelligence Agency.
Former President George Bush served as C.I.A. director in the Ford administration, and if President Jimmy Carter had taken Mr. Bush up on his offer to stay on as director of central intelligence during Mr. Carter's tenure, the dominos of American political history might have tumbled in quite a different way. Mr. Bush might never have run for the Republican presidential nomination in 1980, he might never have been tapped to be Ronald Reagan's running mate, and his son might not be about to become the 43rd president of the United States.
As it is, being C.I.A. director was perhaps the elder George Bush's second-favorite job in his long run in government. And when George Bush the younger visits C.I.A. headquarters, he will arrive at a building that bears his family name, the George Bush Center for Intelligence.
With so much family history tied up in the place, many observers of the American intelligence community were puzzled by the belated and casual way the Bush transition team let it be known that George J. Tenet, the current C.I.A. director, would be kept on, at least temporarily.
Although it appeared to some that the C.I.A. job was treated almost as an afterthought, the decision to keep Mr. Tenet seems to have had much to do with important personal dynamics within the Bush national security circle -- and might reflect the influence of former President Bush.
The decision to retain Mr. Tenet was not formally announced by the president-elect or anyone else; instead, Ari Fleischer, the press spokesman, revealed it in response to a reporter's question at a routine briefing earlier this week.
As with other personnel matters, the decision to keep Mr. Tenet was made by Mr. Bush and such a small group around him that details of the process remained secret. Even members of the transition team involved in intelligence policy were caught off guard. But several Republicans emphasized that the handling of the decision to keep Mr. Tenet did not reflect a lack of interest in intelligence policy or a lack of other strong candidates, but rather the confluence of events during an odd transition.
Mr. Tenet, a Democrat who served as a Congressional staff member and later in the Clinton White House before moving to the C.I.A., does not yet have a relationship with President-elect Bush. Intelligence officials said that Mr. Tenet met with Mr. Bush and other members of the new national security team on Thursday.
But he and Mr. Bush have mutual allies. On Capitol Hill, Representative Porter Goss, the Florida Republican who is chairman of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, stated publicly that Mr. Bush should keep Mr. Tenet.
Mr. Tenet has also developed a good relationship with Eli S. Jacobs, a private investor and former owner of the Baltimore Orioles, who has served on several government panels relating to intelligence and defense and who has been close to a number of C.I.A. officials over the years. Mr. Jacobs, in turn, is close to the Bush family, including the president-elect, who was managing general partner of the Texas Rangers at the same time that Mr. Jacobs owned the Orioles. Mr. Jacobs has been a strong advocate for Mr. Tenet, and appears to be one of the few people who is friends with both President-elect Bush and Mr. Tenet.
But, in an interview, Mr. Jacobs said that he played no role in Mr. Bush's decision to keep Mr. Tenet.
Clearly, however, Mr. Tenet's most important ally in the new power structure is the senior Mr. Bush, who, as a former president, still receives intelligence briefings.
Mr. Tenet presided over the April 1999 ceremony at which the C.I.A. headquarters was renamed for former President Bush; during the ceremony, Mr. Bush heaped praise on Mr. Tenet. Later that year, Mr. Tenet headed a C.I.A.-backed conference on the cold war held at the George Bush presidential library. That conference was packed with veterans of the first Bush administration, including Paul D. Wolfowitz, a defense and foreign policy adviser to the Bush campaign and Vice President-elect Dick Cheney, while former President Bush gave a speech.
The elder Mr. Bush has made it clear that he believes the C.I.A. job should be apolitical and removed from the election cycle, as he first suggested to President Carter.
In the past, several C.I.A. directors have overlapped administrations, including Allen Dulles, who served under President Dwight D. Eisenhower and stayed on during the first few months of President John F. Kennedy's term. Another was Richard Helms, who served both Presidents Lyndon B. Johnson and Richard M. Nixon. That is why some Republicans speculate that former President Bush may have told his son that there was no reason to make an immediate change at C.I.A.
Indeed, the truncated transition after the Florida recount meant that President-elect Bush had little time to find jobs for several prominent figures within the Republican foreign policy community.
Initially, Donald H. Rumsfeld appeared to have been considered for C.I.A. director, but the decision to name him secretary of defense scrambled many of the chess pieces. Mr. Rumsfeld brought a strong presence to the Defense Department, and that in turn seemed to squash plans to name Richard Armitage, a former Defense Department official, to be deputy defense secretary.
Mr. Armitage is close to Gen. Colin L. Powell, named to be secretary of state, and Mr. Rumsfeld clearly wanted his own choices at the Pentagon. (Mr. Armitage is now said to be General Powell's choice as deputy secretary of state.)
Meanwhile, a spot had to be found for Mr. Wolfowitz, another former Defense Department official who advised the campaign. As a result, the C.I.A. post was left open while the Bush team played musical chairs.
Republicans said that Mr. Wolfowitz made it clear that he did not want to serve at the C.I.A., and so instead is expected to be named Mr. Rumsfeld's deputy at the Pentagon.
With Mr. Rumsfeld, Mr. Wolfowitz and Mr. Armitage out of the picture, Mr. Tenet's chances brightened.
Perhaps another reason the Bush team has moved cautiously on Mr. Tenet was that one influential senator -- Richard C. Shelby of Alabama, the ranking Republican on the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence -- said that Mr. Bush should find a new nominee for the C.I.A. post. Senator Shelby's criticism of Mr. Tenet appeared to be based, at least in part, on the way Mr. Tenet handled the investigation into whether the former C.I.A. director, John M. Deutch, improperly placed classified information on unclassified government computers in his home. Mr. Deutch is said to be negotiating now with the Justice Department over whether to plead guilty to a misdemeanor.
Some Republicans say that the incoming president's inner circle remains neutral about Mr. Tenet. To keep the job for long, Mr. Tenet will have to develop a comfort level with the new president and his key advisors, one Republican noted.
Several Republicans observed that the key test could be the degree to which Mr. Tenet can forge a rapport with Mr. Rumsfeld at the Pentagon. Mr. Rumsfeld developed a deep interest in intelligence when he chaired a commission on the ballistic missile threat two years ago. His panel concluded that emerging nuclear powers could develop ballistic missiles in less time than estimated earlier by the C.I.A., leading to tension with the agency.
During his confirmation hearings, Mr. Rumsfeld stated that a close  relationship with the director of central intelligence will be critical to his ability to do his job -- which suggests that Mr. Rumsfeld could be Mr. Tenet's probation officer.
POLITICAL MEMO<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Stocks turned in a lackluster performance in sharply slower trading yesterday, but key indexes managed to move a little higher.
Trading was cautious ahead of today's release of the Consumer Price Index for May, which may or may not confirm last week's Producer Price Index report that showed a leveling of inflation.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 9.68 points, to 3,514.69, with volume on the New York Stock Exchange at 216.2 million shares traded, sharply lower than Friday's 256.8 million. The number of Big Board gainers and losers were nearly even.
Other market indicators were narrowly ahead, including the Nasdaq composite index of over-the-counter issues, which rose 3.22 points, to 696.41. Drug Issues Cited
Anthony Ludovici, senior vice president and senior investment analyst with Tucker Anthony Inc., described the market as leaderless with the exception of drug issues.
Mr. Ludovici said Hillary Rodham Clinton's speech on Sunday before the American Medical Association in Chicago might have been a factor in moving drug stocks higher. Mrs. Clinton offered doctors "a new bargain" in health-care reform, promising to try to include prescription drugs among areas subject to less burdensome supervision if the association would support the Administration's plans.
In trading yesterday, Pfizer rose 1 1/2, to 72 3/8, and Schering-Plough gained 7/8, to 69.
Among issues bouncing back from recent selloffs, Apple Computer gained7/8, to 44 5/8, and Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing advanced 1/2, to 109.
Transportation issues, led by airlines and rails, were down and under pressure, with the outcome of the economic package and the energy tax still unresolved. Delta Air Lines slid 7/8, to 52; AMR, American Airlines' parent, fell 7/8, to 68 1/2, and UAL, United Airlines' parent, lost 1 1/2, to 131 7/8.
In other trading, an announcement by U.S. Surgical that it would report a second-quarter loss put pressure on the stock as it tumbled 3 1/8 to finish at 26 5/8. Analysts cut their earnings estimates on the bad news.
Reebok International, which said earnings for the second quarter and the year would be lower than analysts' estimates, fell 4 3/8, to 30. The company said the earnings shortfall came primarily from United States footwear operations, where lack of new products in the basketball category, pricing and repositioning of the casual shoe line resulted in lower revenues.
Atmel, a manufacturer of integrated circuits, announced a technology licensing agreement for I.B.M. to sell a line of ultra-high-speed computer parts from Atmel. Atmel touched a 52-week trading high of 25, before closing at 24 5/8, unchanged. Eastman Kodak Gains
Shares of Eastman Kodak rose 2 5/8, to 53 3/4, in anticipation of a possible restructuring announcement today. The stock accounted for more than half the move on the Dow. Eugene Glazer, a Dean Witter analyst, adjusted his recommendation on Kodak to buy from neutral.
Goody Products, which designs and markets a variety of hair accessories, rose 5 1/8, to 23 1/2, on an agreement in principle with the Newell Company to merge Goody into a subsidiary of Newell.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A picture caption yesterday about the top chaplain for New York City's jails, a Muslim imam who was placed on leave for his comments about terrorists in the White House, misspelled his surname. He is Umar Abdul-Jalil, not Abdul-Jamil.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>GRINGIANI -- Beatrice. The New York Times records with deep sorrow the passing of Beatrice Gringiani, associated with The Times from October 1945, until retiring in July 1963.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Alex Ullmann, whose novel "Afghanistan" won this year's Sue Kaufman Prize for First Fiction from the American Academy and Institute of Arts and Letters, died on Friday evening at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Hospital. He was 34 years old and lived in Manhattan.
He died of leukemia, his father said.
Mr. Ullmann was born in New York City, the son of John Stewart Ullmann, a photographer and writer known professionally as John Stewart, and Natacha Dorfman Stewart, a longtime writer for The New Yorker, who died in 1986. He studied at Le Rosey in Switzerland and at Yale University.
He was one of the original editors at Elle magazine and worked as a translator from French to English. His fiction appeared in Grand Street, Shenandoah and GQ.
Mr. Ullmann is survived by his father, who lives in London, and a brother, Nicolas, of Beverly Hills, Calif.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>CARDENAS-Rev. Juan, Ph.D. April 19 1916 -April 4 1999. Of NYC and Miami Beach, Florida. To my beloved husband of forty-five years, and our beloved father: ''May you rest with your Creator.'' Dora Cardenas Dora L. Cardenas, MD Abbey Martinez, M.S.W. Eunice Fernandez, Grandchildren<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Re ''Writing for a Different Kind of Union Label'' (On the Contrary, Sept. 3), in which Daniel Akst discussed joining the National Writers Union.
The union, of which I am also a member, has services that were not mentioned. One is a roster of contract advisers, who help members with contracts for books, articles, work-for-hire deals and Internet publication. It also has a roster of grievance officers who help resolve disputes with publishers and have an excellent record in retrieving large amounts of money owed to writers. The services are free to members.
CHRISTINE AMMER  Lexington, Mass., Sept. 4<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Re ''Transportation Hub at Gabreski Debated'' [Jan. 6]: The idea of transportation hubs on the East End has come up not only in Southampton but in the towns of East Hampton and Riverhead. The traffic problems cannot be viewed in isolation, however, nor can they be adequately addressed by the traditional fixes of widening roads. What needs to occur is a thorough examination of current and future development, based on zoning regulations, demographic patterns and other key indicators.
The Sustainable East End Development Strategies (or Seeds) initiative is attempting to do just that, on a regional basis.
Actually luring people out of their cars and trucks remains problematic, and agreements about how to develop land to avoid more sprawl will be reached with difficulty. But some version of the transportation hub concept, in combination with increased mass transit, is at least a creative start to a discussion that has too long been put off.
SUZANNE DONOVAN  Seeds coordinator  Greenport<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Donald McKayle's work has been a strong though quiet part of American modern dance history for nearly half a century. Mr. McKayle created a classic with his first piece, ''Games,'' in 1951. That seldom-seen dance and another McKayle signature work, ''Rainbow 'Round My Shoulder,'' were the highlights of a performance by the Dayton Contemporary Dance Company on Wednesday night at the Damrosch Park Band Shell at Lincoln Center. The program was the opening event in ''Dancing the Dream,'' a tribute to Mr. McKayle presented by the free Lincoln Center Out of Doors festival.
Mr. McKayle now has more than 50 concert dance works to his credit, three of which have become classics, and has worked in television and film and on Broadway, most notably as the choreographer for ''Raisin'' and ''Golden Boy.'' He was one of the first black dancers and choreographers to establish a hold in modern dance as we know it today, an experience that helped, one imagines, to develop the wryly distanced humanism that has distinguished him in part as a teacher and mentor for the 1990's.
If time has passed since the creation of ''Games,'' so has a great deal of dance history. The confidently professional Dayton dancers of today probably could not be as convincingly, tenderly gawky as pre-dance-boom, pre-union performers in the roles of the urban children whose street play forms the core of ''Games.'' But for the most part the Dayton cast was affecting and believable as the boisterous, teasing little friends whose play ends when a game of ''Chicky the Cop'' becomes deadly real, in a denouement with painfully familiar overtones today.
''Games'' was danced by Monnette Bariel, DeShona Pepper, Greer Reed, Terence Greene, Alvin Rangel, G. D. Harris and David Reuille. The folk and play songs that make up the score were sung by Sheila Ramsey and Jan-Michael Williams, with initially distracting murmured comments that soon came to seem like an inspired and freshening addition.
''Rainbow 'Round My Shoulder,'' choreographed in 1959 and also danced to traditional songs, is a familiar part of American modern dance of the 1990's. But the Dayton dancers brought an edge of savage intensity to its story of men on a chain gang and their dreams of their women and their homes. Sheri Williams was as show-stopping as ever as the men's sweetheart, mother and wife. Mr. Reuille's chic brush haircut made him a little hard to believe as the boyfriend and son. Mr. Harris, a dancer so big that his every move seems to unfold into infinity, made the husband a figure of haunting dignity.
The program's three opening dances underscored the power of these classics as well as the power of simplicity in dance. ''Los Angelitos Negros,'' an excerpt from Mr. McKayle's 1972 ''Songs of the Disinherited,'' belongs to the familiar genre of strong-woman solos. Tamica Washington, the guest artist who performed it, has the stature and daring sense of timing for the piece, which is set to the song of the same name sung by Roberta Flack. But her dancing, at least in this first of two performances, needed to be a little crisper.
Dwight Rhoden and Sharon Leahy gave their casts flattering but unchallenging-seeming assignments in Mr. Rhoden's ''Beyond a Cliff'' and Ms. Leahy's ''If the Shoe Fits.'' The latter piece, a very long and predictable look at two lovers' progress, was performed by Ms. Pepper and Mr. Reuille.
The festival's McKayle tribute will continue with performances by the Jose Limon Dance Company on Thursday and Friday nights and a panel discussion on Friday afternoon, all outdoors at Lincoln Center.
DANCE REVIEW<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>YOUR FUTURE, a new magazine from Time Inc. aimed at readers 40 and younger who are just discovering the importance of personal finance, is anything but tedious -- visually. The first issue, on sale now through June 4, looks like a knock-off of the hot cyber journal, Wired, with articles framed by huge red headlines and sidebars set in greenish type.
Obviously the design editors borrowed from Time's Money magazine worked hard to make Your Future inviting, at least to people they think of as visual sophisticates. But Your Future is a snoozer where it counts. Most of the articles are quick takes, and the magazine wastes an amazing amount of ink on feeble attempts at humor. In a feature called Moneysomethings -- "Ideas to fill your head and your wallet" -- Your Future includes a Washington man who's serving a life sentence in prison for running a $2-million-a-week drug ring.
The magazine lists baby-sitting and cleaning carpets among 11 second jobs "almost anyone can do" to bolster his or her income. Another feature explains how to choose a PIN, or personal identification number. And it devotes an entire page to answering the burning question, "Is it more expensive to be a woman or a man?" (Not that anyone can choose -- at least not without racking up staggering medical bills.) Enough said. Except it costs $2.50.  RETIREMENT PARADISE.  Find it difficult to get excited about retirement planning? The April issue of Worth contains one of the most absorbing stories on the subject to date. "Paradox Found" is an engaging tale about some ordinary people who didn't plan for retirement and who decided to retire in a land where they expect to be able to afford days of wine and roses: the third world tropics.
The writer, Elizabeth Royte, leaves few details untold, refreshing for some readers and disheartening for those who have an interest in retiring someplace warm, lush and cheap.
The article teases would-be expatriates but concludes that the life is only for people who have modest expectations and a hearty sense of adventure. People like Ray Steinbach, who has a seemingly ideal life on Roatan, a small island off the coast of Honduras. A divorced, 67-year-old veterinarian from Overton, Neb., Mr. Steinbach spends his days fishing for snapper and grouper, doctoring a few of the locals' animals, scuba diving, napping in the afternoon and dining on his maid's cooking. His is a land, albeit adopted, where car insurance is not required.
But other retirees to the island haven't made nearly as smooth a transition. There is animosity between Roatan's locals and some Americans living there.
Condos, satellite dishes and even crack cocaine have been imported. And, because of an increasing population, the island is losing its fresh water supply along with its swamps. Ultimately, the article is a testimonial for individual retirement accounts and savvy market plays.
BROKER BLUES.  On any list of The Most Stressful Things in Life, choosing a broker should be right up there with moving, changing jobs, buying a home and, of course, going to the dentist.
A cloak-and-dagger investigation in the April issue of Money uncovers not only malignant neglect -- brokers who play down risks, who fail to mention fees and who promote products that bring them commissions -- but also disturbing denial by some brokers.
Arnold Kraus, an executive vice president of Sutro & Company, tells Money that the brokers the magazine tested may have sensed they were not dealing with legitimate clients. "If it had come down to opening an actual account, as opposed to casual conversation, our representatives certainly would have asked a lot more questions," Mr. Kraus said.
The article lists some basic steps to help avoid the bad-broker blues. And it offers readers a valuable score card on some of the brokers in 23 states and the District of Columbia that it contacted. A. G. Edwards & Sons receives the best score among the larger firms, while Edward D. Jones & Company places first among the smaller firms.
ROOKIE FUNDS.  Kiplinger's has an intriguing variation on the personal finance mantra "Just Do It" that could be called "Just Do It Carefully." The article describes four fledgling funds that are run by all-star managers who are taking their self-styled thinking and running with it. Kiplinger's seems to know the funds intimately, and the writing is compelling. Caution is advised, though.
The magazine discloses that its most promising rookie funds from a year ago have had mixed results: the best a gain of 16 percent and the worst a loss of 14.7 percent.
DEFENDING BONDS.  A Smart Money effort to explain the freakish world of bonds, and to suggest a workable strategy to profit in it, provides a steady voice that many investors will appreciate.
The timely and exhaustive article explains why bonds are not the scourge of the earth, despite the calamity of 1994. The writer, Robert Barker, attempts to reassure. While a one-percentage-point drop in long-term bond rates over the next year would produce a 21 percent total return for bondholders, he writes, "a one-percentage-point rise in rates would precipitate only a 3 percent loss." Then, he leads a patient discussion on the strategies that a range of investors should consider. This is evenly divided between two portfolio pieces: one for long-term holding and another for speculative trading. The article is packed with information but should be read with a cup of java because it's not as accessible as the opening anecdotes about real-life investing experiences suggest.  INVESTING IT: OFF THE RACK<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Beatrice Suzanne Doering and Christopher Lane Shea, a son of Nancy Bowditch of New York and Peter L. Shea of New York and Locust Valley, L.I., plan to marry Sept. 26, the parents of the future bride, Dr. and Mrs. Eckart G. Doering of Riverside, Conn., have announced.
Beatrice Suzanne Doering and Christopher Lane Shea, a son of Nancy Bowditch of New York and Peter L. Shea of New York and Locust Valley, L.I., plan to marry Sept. 26, the parents of the future bride, Dr. and Mrs. Eckart G. Doering of Riverside, Conn., have announced.
Miss Doering is a graduate of the Greenwich Academy and St. Lawrence University. Her father is a specialist in family medicine in Greenwich, Conn., and an attending physician at the Greenwich Hospital.
The future bridegroom is controller of the Battery Separator Division of Grace G.m.b.H., a subsidiary W. R. Grace & Company in Hamburg, West Germany. Mr. Shea is a graduate of the Hotchkiss School and the University of California at Berkeley. His father is a managing director of Hydrocarbon Energy Inc., an oil and gas investment company in New York. His mother is an artist.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Anthony Lewis recounts in "The Poet Judge" (column, March 8) the familiar advice of Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr. to President Franklin Roosevelt in 1933: "in a war there is only one rule: Form your battalions and fight."
But some say this was not the first time Holmes gave military advice to a President. In "Yankee From Olympus," Catherine Drinker Bowen describes a perhaps apocryphal exchange with Abraham Lincoln.
It was July 12, 1864, at Fort Stevens, just outside Washington. "The President climbed a parapet. He had never seen a battle. . . . The firing began. . . . On the parapet five feet from him a man fell. Three feet away, so close Lincoln could have touched him, an officer fell dead. 'Get down, you fool!' a young voice shouted. Automatically the President stepped back. It was Wendell Holmes, angry and terrified. From the protection of the bulwark, Lincoln looked down at the white face, streaked with dirt, the brown hair wild. . . . 'Captain,' he said, 'I am glad you know how to talk to a civilian.' "  MARK J. NAVARRE  Columbus, Ohio, March 8, 1991<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>What the hell is wrong with America? Who infused us with the idea that this sort of oppression is O.K.? This "chain gang show" strips criminals of the basic human rights that everyone is guaranteed. This is a racist movement that emulates if not celebrates the slavery of the South. I am thoroughly appalled. LARA SWEENEY New York<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>BITAR--Samir M.D. Suddenly and peacefully at 78 on September 24. Beloved husband of Hildegard; father of Karen and Nadia. Services private.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>For decades, experts assumed that the world's biggest developing nations, the home of hundreds of millions in big families, would push the global population to a precarious 10 billion people by the end of this century.
Now, evidence is now coming in that women in rural villages and the teeming megacities of Brazil, Egypt, India and Mexico are unexpectedly proving those predictions wrong. Next week, demographers from around the world will meet here to reassess the outlook and possibly lower the estimate by about a billion people this century.
In India alone, by 2100 there may be 600 million fewer people than predicted.
The decline in birthrates in nations where poverty and illiteracy are still widespread defies almost all conventional wisdom. Planners once argued -- and some still do -- that falling birthrates can only follow improved living standards and more educational opportunities, not outrun them. It now seems that women are not waiting for that day.
A few demographers are venturing to say that the trend may have little to do with government policies on family planning or foreign aid.
Since the United Nations conference on population and development in Cairo in 1994, women in many countries have said that if they had control over their reproductive lives, lower fertility rates would be a given. Women's health organizations now say that is happening.
''From Delhi to Rio, women's health advocates have stood fast against top-down population policies, and have stood for women's rights -- and abilities -- to make decisions about their bodies,'' said Cynthia Steele, vice president for programs at the International Women's Health Coalition in New York. ''Whether they live in villages or high-rises, women have always known what's best for them and their families. Now we're seeing the results of their own choices to have fewer children.''
Joseph Chamie, the director of the United Nations population division, said: ''A woman in a village making a decision to have one or two or at most three children is a small decision in itself. But when these get compounded by millions and millions and millions of women in India and Brazil and Egypt, it has global consequences.''
Mr. Chamie said it had been assumed that the fertility rates in big developing countries -- the number of births, on average, per woman -- would fall at best only to what is known as replacement level. That number is 2.1, or a little more than one child for each parent. But in big countries, even that pace would add a huge number to an already large population base before the trend eventually moderates.
Demographers may now be willing to go out on a limb and say that the fertility rates in the big developing countries may even drop below the replacement level, and sooner than most of them would have thought possible.
That would follow the trend already established in industrial countries, where the population slowdown has caused concerns about shrinking labor forces and aging populations.
Just as women are pushing for a larger role in economic life around the world, they are also apparently becoming more assertive within families. ''We're breaking both the fertility floor and the glass ceiling,'' Mr. Chamie said.
In India, Gita Sen, professor of economics at the Indian Institute of Management in Bangalore, said in a telephone interview that there were important cultural factors at work.
''Fertility in India is declining and it is declining faster than many people had expected,'' she said. One reason, she said, is ''that with increasing awareness on the part of women, they are being able to control their own fertility much better.''
''It seems to start in one village and then spread to other places around that area,'' she said. ''Attitudes are changing, and people are watching what their neighbors are doing.''
With declining infant mortality, mothers become more confident that their babies will survive, Ms. Sen added, and so they can have fewer children. She and other experts say that urbanization also eases some family controls on women, and makes contraceptive pills or devices easier to find.
Both family pressure and lack of access to reproductive health care limit many women.
Ms. Sen said a family survey in 1999 in India, where the fertility rate is still about 3.0 per woman, underlined the change in attitudes. ''It was a very detailed survey that interviewed close to 90,000 married women all across the country,'' she said. ''One of the most striking things in that was that even in the poorer northern states if you ask women about the number of children that they want, it's much lower than the number that they actually have.''
In Brazil, women have reduced fertility levels without an official national family planning policy, Ana Maria Goldani of the department of sociology and Latin American studies at U.C.L.A. wrote in a paper for next week's conference. Brazil's fertility rate has tumbled, to 2.27 from 6.15 in the last half century, and it continues to fall for reasons that Ms. Goldani says are only now being analyzed.
Gelson Fonseca, Brazil's ambassador to the United Nations, said that television was important. Brazilians see small and apparently happy families in television programs and think about emulating that example.
In Bangladesh, family planning experts noticed a decade ago that in some of the remotest areas, information gleaned from satellite television was influencing contraceptive choices. In one case, a certain intrauterine device was rejected by many women in an area where one of them had seen it described as hazardous in a Western television program.
There are 74 countries in what the United Nations calls the intermediate-level fertility group, with births between 2.1 and 5 per woman.
This group includes very populous countries like Bangladesh, Brazil, Egypt, India, Indonesia, Iran, Mexico, the Philippines and Vietnam.
Some demographers question whether any one trend will fit them all, and ask whether it may not be as mistaken to herald a general population decline to below replacement levels as it was to pronounce that the larger developing nations would never reach this stage.
John C. Caldwell of the Australian National University urges caution. In a paper prepared for next week's meeting, he writes of a ''loss of fervor'' in the developing world for further fertility decline.
Countries are not homogenous, he argued, and there are some large ones in Africa and Asia where there will continue to be a preference for more children.
But Ms. Sen says that she is not concerned about India backsliding in the movement toward ever-lower fertility rates, arguing that education and cultural factors are becoming catalysts for change.
''For a very long time we've had a huge problem in terms of 50 to 60 percent of the female population being illiterate,'' she said. ''The most recent census, the 2001 census, shows the biggest increases in literacy happening in some of the poor northern states -- big jumps in literacy -- and that means girls going to school.
''Those same girls are going to be making the fertility decisions in another 10 years or so,'' she said, ''and I don't think they are going to make them in the same way that their illiterate mothers may have.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>In a remarkable span of four holes, Tiger Woods went from the doldrums into contention today.
While Grant Waite made eagle on his final hole to take a one-stroke lead at the Bell Canadian Open, Woods made a huge move up the leader board, from a tie for 45th place into a tie for seventh. Even for Woods, what he did from the 15th through the 18th holes was extraordinary: birdie, eagle, birdie, eagle.
Woods birdied the par-3 No. 15 with a pinpoint 8-iron tee shot to within six feet of the cup. He made eagle at No. 16, smashing his drive 348 yards. He made another birdie at No. 17, hitting a gorgeous 6-iron fairway bunker shot from 172 yards to within eight feet of the hole. And at No. 18, he made eagle again, hitting his drive an astonishing 380 yards. The wind was at Woods's back, but 380 yards off the tee? He had to laugh when he talked about that one.
How often does anyone shoot six under par over a four-hole span? But how often does a player like Woods come along? Storming past a host of competitors and setting up an intriguing weekend at Glen Abbey Golf Club, Woods shot a seven-under-par 65 and closed to four strokes behind the leader of the tournament after finishing at even par in the first round.
Waite, a 36-year-old from New Zealand who last won on the PGA Tour in 1993, was the surprise second-round leader by two strokes. He was 11 under par (133) after a second-round 64 today. Greg Chalmers of Australia was in second place at 10 under par (69-65), while Brian Watts (67-68) was in third place.
Woods was not the only prominent player in contention. Sergio Garcia, who defeated Woods in a made-for-television exhibition last month, shot 69 and was tied for fourth place at eight under par with Keiichiro Fukabori, Shaun Micheel and Brian Watts. Davis Love III, the winner of the 1997 P.G.A. Championship, was tied for seventh place at seven under par with Woods, Craig Barlow, J. L. Lewis and Kevin Sutherland, who began today with a one-stroke lead.
So the stage was set. There was the potential for a showdown between Woods and Garcia. There was a chance for Love to beat them both. There was a chance for lesser-known players like Chalmers, Micheel and Sutherland to win for the first time on tour. And there was Woods's quest to become only the second player to win the United States Open, the British Open and the Canadian Open in the same year, matching Lee Trevino, who won all three in 1971.
Waite, who finished second at the Air Canada Championship last weekend, was eager to see how he would respond to the pressure. His only tour victory came at the 1993 Kemper Open.
''I had no idea what I was doing,'' Waite said, smiling at the memory. ''I beat Tom Kite. Ignorance is bliss. But I can carry that with me. I've won a tournament out here and a lot of guys haven't. This weekend I have to try and block out the distractions and keep my mind on what I'm doing.''
But Woods liked his chances far better than he did Thursday. Today he made quite a comeback, even though he almost missed his tee time, thinking it was an hour later than it actually was. Still feeling the effects of flu symptoms, Woods was calmly eating breakfast in the clubhouse when someone told him he had only 15 minutes until his 7:58 a.m. tee time. Just like that, breakfast was over. Woods rushed to the driving range, hit a few balls, then headed to the 10th tee, where he hurriedly began his round.
''Actually, it was probably a blessing in disguise,'' Woods said. ''I'm not really feeling my best physically. It was nice not to wear myself out on the range. That short warm-up is something I do anyway when I'm not feeling well, or in real hot conditions.''
Woods got hot starting with his tee shot on No. 15, an 8-iron from 150 yards that looked good the instant it left the club face. He could not recall ever having a birdie-eagle-birdie-eagle stretch. Once in 1997, playing a friendly practice round with Mark O'Meara at their Isleworth home course in Windermere, Fla., Woods shot a 59, playing the first nine holes at 10 under par.
But this was an official tournament, and the way Woods played No. 18, a 508-yard par 5, looked almost unfair. After his 380-yard drive, Woods needed only a 60-degree wedge to reach the green.
Garcia is also a big hitter, but at No. 18, which he birdied, Garcia needed a driver, then an 8-iron to reach the green.
This weekend, instead of running away with the tournament, Woods will have to catch up.
''Once you see Tiger on the leader board, you know that you can't make any mistakes,'' Garcia said. ''But if you are intimidated by any player, you are not going to be able to play your game. Some players get intimidated, and some players don't. I hope I'll never get intimidated.''
GOLF<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD:
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3* Bergen Brunswig Corp. (AMEX)
Qtr to Nov 30
1988
1987
Revenue
967,949,000
827,581,000
Net inc
11,991,000
b7,815,000
Share earns
.65
.43
b-Included net from discontinued operations of $606,000.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3* Bergen Brunswig Corp. (AMEX)
Qtr to Nov 30
1988
1987
Revenue
967,949,000
827,581,000
Net inc
11,991,000
b7,815,000
Share earns
.65
.43
b-Included net from discontinued operations of $606,000.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>THIS all-vegetable meal may not make believers out of the hamburger and fries crowd, but it should make it clear that meat is not necessary for appealing, well-seasoned food. The spinach dish is typical of Spain, but despite the fact that most recipes that use pine nuts call for toasting or sauteing them, pine nuts have more flavor when they are not cooked. So add them at the last minute.
Many countries combine fried potatoes with red wine; what usually differs is the seasoning. Try this version with rosemary, but also try it with cumin, coriander or oregano.
Spinach With Pine Nuts And Raisins
4 ounces whole onion or 3 ounces chopped ready-cut onion (1 cup)  1teaspoon olive oil  2 large Granny Smith apples  2 pounds fresh loose spinach or 2 10-ounce packages fresh spinach  6 tablespoons raisins  4 tablespoons pine nuts  1/8 teaspoon salt  Freshly ground black pepper to taste.
1. Chop whole onion.
2. Heat nonstick pot large enough to hold all the ingredients, until it is medium hot. Add oil, and saute onion.
3. Meanwhile, wash, peel, core and seed apples, and cut into small cubes. Reduce heat and add to onion, and continue cooking.
4. Trim tough stems from spinach, and wash. Add spinach and raisins to pot; cover, and cook for a couple of minutes, until spinach has wilted. Stir occasionally.
5. Stir in pine nuts. Season with salt and pepper, and serve.
Yield: 2 servings.
Approximate nutritional analysis per serving: 390 calories, 14 grams fat, 0 milligrams cholesterol, 290 milligrams sodium, 10 grams protein, 65 grams carbohydrate. Potatoes in Red Wine With Rosemary
1 pound new potatoes  1 tablespoon olive oil  4 ounces whole onion or 3 ounces chopped ready-cut onion (1 cup)  Fresh rosemary sprigs to yield 1 tablespoon chopped leaves  1/2 cup dry red wine  2 tablespoons red wine vinegar  1/4 teaspoon salt  Freshly ground black pepper.  1. Scrub potatoes. Do not peel; slice in food processor.
2. Heat nonstick pan large enough to hold all the ingredients, until it is very hot. Reduce heat to medium high. Add oil, and cook potatoes, turning often to brown on both sides.
3. Chop onion, and add to potatoes as they cook.
4. Chop rosemary leaves, and stir into potato mixture.
5. When potatoes are brown, reduce heat to simmer. Add the wine and vinegar, and season with salt and pepper. Cover, and cook until potatoes and onions are soft.
Yield: 2 servings.
Approximate nutritional analysis per serving: 350 calories, 7 grams fat, 0 milligrams cholesterol, 320 milligrams sodium, 5 grams protein, 60 grams carbohydrate. Game Plan Prepare potatoes through Step 4. Prepare spinach through Step 3. Finish potatoes. Finish spinach.  PLAIN AND SIMPLE<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
In ''Backpackers Leave, Homeless Arrive, Neighbors Fret and Fume'' (Sept. 15), about the Malibu Hotel, nowhere did you quote a hotel resident or an advocate for the homeless.
The Malibu has long been a hotel where both low-income residents, who might otherwise be homeless, and tourists live side by side. To blame homeless people people with HIV/AIDS as the root of businesses failing or crime rising in the neighborhood is wrong. Businesses are failing throughout the city because of the recession, the drop in the stock market, changing priorities since 9/11 and tons of other reasons.
New York should focus on ensuring that people in emergency housing get a chance for permanent accommodations. Many people live for years in deplorable conditions in S.R.O.'s, costing the city at least $1,500 per month per family. The city does little to help people move into permanent housing. In the short term, the city should place caseworkers directly in S.R.O.'s where homeless people live to help them move into permanent housing as quickly as possible.
JENNIFER FLYNN  Executive Director,  NYC AIDS Housing Network<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>House and Senate Democratic leaders reached agreement on Wednesday on a $2.9 trillion budget for 2008 that envisions a return to budget surpluses by 2012 and assumes that some of President Bush's tax cuts will be allowed to expire.
The five-year blueprint, which is primarily a declaration of basic principles, represents a broad alternative to President Bush's agenda. It calls for more money for children's health care, education and a wide variety of other domestic programs.
While it calls for a two-year extension of Mr. Bush's tax cuts for middle-class families, which are now set to expire at the end of 2010, it assumes that Mr. Bush's signature tax cuts on stock dividends, as well as rate cuts for people in top brackets, will be allowed to expire.
The House and Senate are expected to vote on Thursday on the plan, and both are likely to pass it. That in itself would be a significant accomplishment, one that eluded Republicans, torn over spending cuts, when they were in control of Congress last year.
''It moves us in the right direction and to balance in five years,'' said Representative John M. Spratt Jr., Democrat of South Carolina, the chairman of the House Budget Committee. ''On all the basics, our budget is better than the president's.''
Republicans denounced the plan, saying it would inevitably lead to huge tax increases that would jeopardize economic growth.
''This bill looks like it's promising the largest tax increase in American history,'' said Representative Paul D. Ryan, Republican of Wisconsin. ''It basically puts the government and spenders first, and taxpayers at the end of the line.''
Democrats insisted that the plan need not lead to any tax increases, saying that they had assumed the same amount of revenue as President Bush had and could plug budget gaps by cracking down on tax cheats, offshore tax havens and abusive tax shelters.
As a practical matter, the Democratic plan postpones many of the hardest budget decisions. None of Mr. Bush's tax cuts expire until the end of 2010, and the new budget agreement extends the most popular tax cuts two more years.
Nor does the Democratic plan envision a permanent fix to the alternative minimum tax, a parallel tax originally aimed at the very rich that has begun to engulf tens of millions of other families because it has not been adjusted for inflation. Repealing the alternative minimum tax, or simply freezing it at current levels, would cost more than $1 trillion over the next decade.
The budget also calls for several new spending initiatives without saying where the money would come from.
For example, it calls for spending an additional $50 billion over five years on the State Children's Health Insurance Program, or Schip, which provides health insurance for children in low-income families. But the budget does not have enough money for that expansion. Instead, House and Senate lawmakers included the expansion in a ''reserve fund,'' which is not a fund at all but rather a commitment to pay for the program once Congress figures out where to raise the money.
In deference to conservative Democrats in the Senate, the resolution pledges to use $180 billion -- most of that from a projected surplus of $132 billion in 2012 -- to extend the so-called middle-class tax cuts through the end of that year.
Those cuts include the $1,000 child tax credit, a reduction in the so-called marriage penalty for two-income families and the special 10 percent tax bracket for low-income taxpayers.
The list does not include Mr. Bush's rate reductions for people in higher tax brackets, his tax cuts on stock dividends and capital gains or a complete repeal of the estate tax on inherited wealth.
The plan assumes that the war in Iraq will not require financing after 2009, an assumption that could prove wrong but one that Mr. Bush made in his budget as well.
The Bush administration quickly attacked the plan, threatening to veto any specific spending bills that exceeded the president's budget request.
''The Democratic majorities are standing by their misguided plans for tax hikes and big spending increases,'' Rob Portman, the White House budget director, said in a statement. ''Tax and spend is no way to balance the budget.''
Republicans contend that Mr. Bush's tax cuts for high-income families, especially the tax cuts on investment income, have spurred strong economic growth for the past five years and ultimately helped reduce the federal deficit.
Indeed, tax revenues are increasing sharply, and the budget deficit for 2007 is likely to decline to less than $200 billion this year -- the third year in a row of shrinking deficits.
But budget experts in both parties say that trend will provide little comfort over the longer term. Spending on old-age entitlement programs, Medicare and Social Security, is expected to explode over the next decade as a result of rapid increases in prices for medical care and the looming retirement of millions of baby boomers.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>KELLY ANN SMITH remembers the first kiss. "It was last summer on Smith Street in Ronkonkoma," she said.
She had attended a barbecue at the home of Tyree Simpson, a high school classmate. After the hamburgers and hot dogs, Tyree said, 'Let's go for a walk.' "
Kelly declined.
"I didn't have my power wheelchair with me," she said.
But Tyree had an extra one. So off they went, two young lovers with muscular  dystrophy, motoring in wheelchairs down the side streets of Ronkonkoma.
"Kelly didn't know the controls well on my chair," Tyree said. "So she was lurching along. It was funny. Then we stopped." And Tyree made his move. "I said: 'I think I like you, but I'm not sure. Maybe if I kiss you I'll find out.' "
The teen-agers moved their wheelchairs closer together to share their first kiss. "We probably stopped traffic," Tyree said. "People gasping and saying, 'Look at those two disabled people kissing. They can't do that!' "
There are many things that people have told Tyree Simpson and Kelly Smith that they cannot do. But they rarely listen. The two 19-year-olds met at Henry Viscardi High School, part of the National Center for Disability Services in Albertson. Last month they graduated together. This month they were married.
They have since moved to an apartment in Stony Brook. It is Kelly, Tyree and  an aide who make three in their blue heaven. "We can't put ourselves to bed," Tyree explained. Or dress alone. So an aide lives with them to assist with the physical needs. "A female aide," Tyree said. "I don't want any other man around  Kelly."
The new Mr. and Mrs. Simpson consider their tale a typical love story. Boy meets girl. Boy kisses girl. Boy marries girl. "That first kiss was great," Tyree said.
"It was all right," Kelly said. "He didn't know what he was doing."
But he learned fast, she added. "A week later I proposed," Tyree said. "We were having a candlelight dinner at my house, and I said, 'Will you marry me?' "
"I said, 'Sure,' " Kelly recalled.
They returned to high school for their senior year, engaged. Everyone was shocked. Most of all Kelly and Tyree. No matter how much they play down their circumstances, their love story is far from typical. Wheelchair bound, with severe disabilities, they both feared they would spend their lives alone. Once they found each other, nothing was going to stand in their way.
At Viscardi, the Superintendent, Dr. Andrew S. Rothstein, said, "Students are taught to focus on their abilities, not their disabilities." About two-thirds of the graduating class goes to college. But marriage between students is rare.
"People said, 'You can't do that,' " Tyree recalled. "It's hard enough for a  normal person. But we can do it. We have each other. Where she's weak, I'm strong. Where I'm weak, she's strong.
"Our teachers kept saying wait until you get into the real world. What is this, 'Fantasia'? They try to make it sound so hard. But it's not. We're already independent."
He starts college in the fall, with a major in genetics. "I'm going to become the foremost geneticist in the world," he said. His wife will volunteer at University Hospital in Stony Brook. "And hopefully they'll hire me there," she said.
Tyree and Kelly, the Romeo and Juliet of the disability center, met in homeroom. Both their last names started with S. Tyree had been at the center since he was 9 months old. Wanting to give their ailing baby every opportunity,  Tyree's parents, Anne and Harry Simpson, had taken him to the center in Albertson. They commuted almost every day.
As Tyree grew older, his body remained frail, but his mind was extremely sharp, and he became an extrovert.
"Tyree is so spirited," Dr. Rothstein said. "There have been hard times for him physically -- when he was 9 he had to accept being confined forever to a wheelchair. But he intended to have a future, and now he's got that future."
In a school where courage is part of the curriculum, Tyree excelled. "He was  always determined," his science teacher, Dorothy Vann said. "When he was in seventh grade he asked me was it possible to get 100 on the science final. I said it was very rare. Only one person had ever done it. He proceeded to get 100 on that final and 100 on the next one, too."
As captain of the basketball and hockey teams, and president of the student council, Tyree was the B.M.O.C. -- big man on campus -- when Kelly Smith of Levittown transferred to the school last year.
Through her younger years Kelly had suffered from muscular dystrophy, a slow-growing type. In 1993, she was in an automobile accident that left her a quadriplegic. Kelly stayed in a hospital for two years. With extensive therapy,  and a spirit as feisty as Tyree's, she has reached the point where she is able to move her limbs a little. But she, too, is confined to a wheelchair.
Confined is a relative term for the wheelchair-riding students at Viscardi. "Watch your ankles," an English teacher, Maureen Mannix, shouted as students whizzed around corners and raced down the halls in their chairs. Joking and sharing conspiratorial whispers, they seemed as carefree as any teen-agers.
Kelly remembers meeting Tyree. "We didn't like each other at first," she said. "He was a leader. He was very popular. It was kind of a popularity contest between us. Who would the other students be drawn to?" The two wound up being drawn to each other. "Tyree met his match with Kelly," Dr. Rothstein said. "That's probably what attracts them to each other."
"These are two bright people who challenge each other," added Linda Maitan, a mathematics teacher at the school and the close confidante of the couple. Mrs. Maitan helped Kelly find her wedding dress. "We talk to her about everything," Kelly said.
Mrs. Maitan acknowledged that she too had concerns when the pair announced that they were getting married. "Not the least of my concerns," the teacher said "was financial."
Two disabled people in a marriage can test the purse strings. But we will be  frugal, Tyree said. And we will make it, Kelly added.
Holding hands in a Viscardi classroom before their marriage, the two talked of their love and what they found special in each other. Each has a distinct style. Tyree, one-quarter Cherokee, wore an Indian necklace. Kelly was neatly attired in a black pantsuit.
"I love his charm," Kelly said.  "He's very romantic and sweet. He brought me flowers."
It was Kelly who expanded their relationship from schoolmates to boyfriend-girlfriend. "I liked him first," she said. "But I didn't know how to tell him. So last year I said, 'You're going to graduation aren't you? I wonder  if you could take me?' "
Tyree remembers that day. "I said, 'Sure.' I wasn't planning to go, but I wanted to take her. I just love her. She's cute and stuff. She's very intriguing."
Senior year they were inseparable. They played on the hockey team together. "She's the best goalie we have," Tyree said. Each weekend they painstakingly traveled to be together. They went to the movies, the mall. "We have a life outside the school," Tyree said. "I drive my wheelchair all around. I've gone five miles from the house in it. I get 28 miles per charge."
"My chair is faster," Kelly said, the competitive juices flowing. "I can go 12 miles an hour in it."
They went to the senior prom. Then there was graduation. Tyree was the salutatorian of the class. In his speech he talked of new beginnings. His and Kelly's new beginning took place two weeks ago, when they motored down the aisle. They were married at St. Aidan's Church in Williston Park. Ben Chan, the  valedictorian at Viscardi, was the best man.
With 10 bridesmaids and ushers, it was a big wedding, followed by a big reception at a catering hall. There was dancing. "I'm quite good at dancing," Tyree said, moving his hands to an imaginary beat. The bridal couple danced, swaying in their wheelchairs and holding hands, to their song, "Nothing's Going  to Change My Love for You."
For Kelly it was truly a dream come true. "I had always wanted the white gown, the church wedding, the reception," she said. "After the accident I just never thought it could happen."
There will be no honeymoon, at least not for a while. "We don't have the money or the time," Tyree said. But there will be plenty of love, no matter what their physical futures.  They are realistic about tomorrow.  "I changed the wedding vows," Tyree said. "the part that says till death do us part, I had it changed to eternity. Because when we're dead we'll still be together."
ABOUT LONG ISLAND<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Parliament voted overwhelmingly today to replace the Communist state emblem with Hungary's traditional coat of arms.
Parliament voted overwhelmingly today to replace the Communist state emblem with Hungary's traditional coat of arms.
Lawmakers then burst into a spontaneous singing of the national anthem.
There was considerable debate over two versions, with and without the crown of St. Stephen, the king who ruled Hungary between 997 and 1038. Ultimately, the version with the crown was approved.
The largest opposition party, the League of Free Democrats, expressed fears that neighboring countries could misinterpret a national emblem containing the crown because the crown has symbolized Hungarian claims to territory that was lost to neighboring countries as part of the World War I peace settlement. The same coat of arms was used by the rightist Government of Adm. Nicholas Horthy, which ruled from 1920 to 1944 and joined the Axis powers in World War II.
Supporters of the crown argued that it was the symbol of Hungarian statehood.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Former Chief of Shell Challenges Regulator  Sir Philip Watts, in his first public statement since he was ousted as chairman of the Royal Dutch/Shell Group in March, said that British financial regulators had violated his rights in their investigation of the company's huge restatement of its oil and natural gas reserves.
Denying that he had misled investors, Sir Philip said that the Financial Services Authority ''violated my statutory rights to review and rebut'' accusations made in a July order charging Shell with market abuse. Shell paid a fine of $17 million ($30 million), the largest ever levied by British regulators. [Page C3.]
Chinese Effort Bears Too Much Fruit  The plight of the production of the litchi, a small fruit, shows both the promise and the pitfalls of China's economic growth. [A1.]
Weather Concerns Raise Oil Prices  Crude oil prices rose for a third day in four amid concern about the loss of production and possible damage from Hurricane Ivan. [C5.]
Consumer Prices Barely Increase  The Consumer Price Index rose by just 0.1 percent in August from the previous month, the Labor Department reported. [C10.]
Japan and Mexico Near Trade Deal  President Vicente Fox of Mexico and Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi of Japan are expected to sign a trade agreement that Mexico hopes will attract more investment from Japanese manufacturers and spur exports across the Pacific. [World Business, Section W.]
Alitalia Has Pact With Workers  Alitalia, the Italian state-run airline, reached an agreement on new contracts with its 14,000 ground workers, all but ensuring that it will survive a financial crisis that had pushed it near bankruptcy. [World Business, Section W.]
Labor Deal Covers Guest Workers  The North Carolina Growers Association signed a union contract covering 8,500 guest workers from Mexico, in what is thought to be the first such contract of its kind. [A16.]
New Ad Campaign for Philips  Royal Philips Electronics is beginning its first global brand campaign. Advertising. [C4.]
Fallout After Charter School Failure  The disintegration of the California Charter Academy, a large chain of publicly financed but privately run charter schools, has disrupted the lives of students, parents and teachers, and is raising questions about the regulation of charter schools. [A1.]
Nortel Networks Lowers Forecast  Nortel Networks, the telecommunications equipment maker, lowered its revenue expectations for 2004. In a status report filed with the Ontario Securities Commission, it reversed its position that its revenue growth would exceed the overall market's this year. ''The company now expects that its 2004 revenue percentage growth over 2003 will be in the mid-single digits and that the overall communications equipment market will grow faster than that,'' Nortel said. [C2.]
Medicare Data Raises Concern  Members of Congress expressed concern about new data indicating that Medicare pays private health plans more than it would cost to care for the same patients in the traditional Medicare program. [A16.]
Plan for Health Spending in Canada  An agreement in Canada would increase federal spending for the country's ailing $60 billion national health care system. [A13.]
Petro-Canada Share Sales Begin  The Canadian government began the sale of its 19 percent stake in Petro-Canada in what will most likely be the largest share sale in the country's history. [C9.]<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>DUFFY-John James. Died on September 8 on his 77th birthday. Devoted husband of Margery (Watkinson) Duffy. Devoted father of Patrick, Mary, Kathleen, Sean, John-Patrick, Joann Salomons and Eileen Bengyak. Also survived by sisters, Helen Robinson, Jean Murray, Kathleen Flaherty and Dorothy Murphy. Cherished grandfather of sixteen. He was a long time resident of Queens Village, Garden City and Basking Ridge, NJ. Former President and Man of the Year of the Notre Dame Club of New York. Veteran of WWII, President of John J. Duffy and Co., Marketing Manager of National Starch and Co. Viewing at Gallaway and Crane, 101 South Finley Avenue, Basking Ridge, NJ Friday September 10 from 2-4 and 7-9pm. Call 908-766-0250. In lieu of flowers contributions to Ara Parseghian Medical Research.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Alabama's auto-racing Allison family celebrated in Hueytown Sunday night, marking the occasion of young Davey's first Winston Cup stock car victory that afternoon, 45 miles down the road in the Winston 500 at the Talledega Speedway.
Alabama's auto-racing Allison family celebrated in Hueytown Sunday night, marking the occasion of young Davey's first Winston Cup stock car victory that afternoon, 45 miles down the road in the Winston 500 at the Talledega Speedway.
But for the 26-year-old driver, savoring his first major race victory was of secondary importance. ''Much more important than winning the race was that Dad was still here with us,'' he said.
He was referring to a terrifying accident that befell his father, Bobby, early in the race. Blasting past the fan-packed main grandstand at about 210 miles an hour, Bobby Allison's Buick cut its right-side tires, skidded sideways, and became airborne.
''I looked up in my mirror,'' Davey recalled. ''I could see Dad's car up in the air, and I could see that it was headed for the grandstand. I knew it was going to be serious.''
Bobby knew that it was going to be bad, too. He said it occurred to him, as the car hurdled through space high above the concrete retaining wall, that he might be badly hurt when the 3,500-pound car landed. ''But what concerned me was where the car was going,'' he said. ''It was plenty scary.''
Steel arresting cables, installed three weeks earlier, snagged the Buick in midair and sent it rebounding back onto the track, probably saving the lives of many spectators, although several suffered injuries. But the next lap was a tough one for Allison's son. ''I just asked God to please let him be O.K.,'' he said afterward.
The car was a mess. But the 49-year-old former Winston Cup champion walked away from the wreck with only a bad shaking-up. The race was halted for two and a half hours while damage was repaired. After the restart, Bobby watched his son win a difficult duel with Terry Labonte and Bill Elliott.
''Seeing Davey win did a lot to ease the pain I was feeling,'' said Bobby, the race's defending champion. ''Without a doubt he is the best of the youngsters. And that's not just a father's pride.''  SCOUTING<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Amy Lynn Knoll and Paul Carlile Lashmet are to be married today at Lyndhurst, the Jay Gould house in Tarrytown, N.Y. The Rev. Park McD. Bodie, an Episcopal priest, is to officiate.
The bride, 35, was until last month a lawyer at the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company in New York, specializing in technology and corporate law. She graduated from Hamilton College and received a law degree from Tulane University. She is a daughter of Claudia and Michael Knoll of Ossining, N.Y., where her father is a securities lawyer. Her mother teaches English as a second language in a literacy program of the Putnam-Northern Westchester Board of Cooperative Educational Services, in Yorktown Heights, N.Y.
The bridegroom, 36, is an assistant vice president and a technology project manager in the New York offices of the Israel Discount Bank. He graduated from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy, N.Y., where he received two bachelor's degrees, one in building science and one in architecture. He is a son of Dr. Peter K. Lashmet of Troy and the late Edna Pabon Lashmet. The bridegroom's father retired as a professor of chemical engineering at Rensselaer.
WEDDINGS/CELEBRATIONS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: HERE in Scarsdale we manage to keep in touch with the world, and when I learned that they had had nearly 12 inches of snow in Washington, it gave me an excuse to call William. Even though I am nearly 20 times his age, there is a bond between us - his mother, my daughter. He answered the phone himself.
HERE in Scarsdale we manage to keep in touch with the world, and when I learned that they had had nearly 12 inches of snow in Washington, it gave me an excuse to call William. Even though I am nearly 20 times his age, there is a bond between us - his mother, my daughter. He answered the phone himself. ''Hi, William. What's doing there?'' I asked.
''It's Poppa,'' I could hear him announce. Then, into the phone he told me, ''It snowed. It snowed a lot. I can't go to school. We can't go anywhere.''
''Maybe you can go out and build a snowman,'' I suggested.
''I'm too little,'' he said. ''I can't build a snowman all by myself.''
It was only 9 A.M. There was no reason why I couldn't make the 10:30 shuttle at La Guardia and be in Washington before William finished lunch. There was no reason why I couldn't help him build a snowman. It would be a nice way to spend a day.
It had snowed in Washington. The cab driver was from Pakistan and he had difficulty getting through some of the side streets. Eventually he managed to get stuck in a snowbank less than two blocks from William's house. I apologized, explaining that I had an important engagement, tipped him generously and walked the rest of the way.
My daughter was astonished, even dumbfounded at seeing me, but William took it in stride. He did not seem to find anything unusual about the sudden appearance of a grandfather to whom he had been speaking on the phone less than three hours earlier.
''Hi, Poppa,'' he said. ''I'm having my lunch. Then I've got to take a nap.''
Oh, no, you don't. Not on my time. I didn't give up a bridge game and fly to Washington just to watch you sleep.
''I thought you'd be able to help me build a snowman,'' I said.
My daughter caught the drift and when William turned to her, she nodded her permission. After all, it had been a near-record snowfall and after all, Poppa had come from New York just to build a snowman. She bundled William into a snowsuit that made him look like an advertisement for Michelin tires, and he waddled out into the snow.
My first move was to nudge William so that he fell flat on his back in the snow. In the sorrowful words of a 3 1/2-year-old philosopher, he told me, ''People don't like it when you do that to them.'' Then he alternated between adding a few pats of snow to the snowman and flinging himself headlong into the snow.
We built our snowman the old-fashioned way - a massive body tapering from a broad base as it grew taller, with no anatomical details other than a rounded rear and an impressive paunch punctuated by a bellybutton. To top it off, I placed on a beach-ball-sized head with charcoal briquettes instead of coals for the eyes and a carrot for the nose. We draped an old scarf casually around his neck and provided a broom for a prop. Then we stepped back to admire our creation.
''How do you like him?'' I asked. William was unstinting in his praise. ''He's very wonderful.'' ''Let's call him 'the Abdominal Snowman,' I suggested but William didn't get it. More attuned than I to the lyric possibilities inherent in snowmen, his choice was ''Frosty.'' Because under all that snow lay William's turf, I went along with it.
By then his snowsuit was soaking wet and my joints and muscles were protesting, ''Enough,'' I said. ''More than enough.'' We went inside for hot chocolate and marshmallows.
Mini-marshmallows form one of the bonds between William and me. I introduced him to them years ago, always presenting them one at a time, making him choose between two tightly clenched fists which he would pry open finger by finger. He seems to be just as delighted when a fist is empty as when he discovers a marshmallow. In a few years, when I think he'll be able to cope with it, I'll try leaving both fists empty once in a while.
One trick I've retained from my high school days is the ability to throw a peanut, a raisin, a mini-marshmallow into the air and catch it, seal-like, in my mouth. When it works, I can see that William is proud of his grandfather. He makes me show it off to Katie or Claire or Matthew or Greggery if one of them happens to be visiting.
After the hot chocolate it was time for a story. ''One from your mouth,'' William specified, as opposed to one read from a book. I gave him a choice between ''Groomba and Zoomba'' and ''Timothy, the Timid Eagle.'' That was a mistake.
He chose ''Groomba and Zoomba'' for the 50th time and soon fell asleep. On my time! So did I. When it was time to leave, we went through our ritual of saying good-bye - a hug and a kiss and a squeeze and a squash. I stopped to kiss Frosty and bit off the end of his nose.
''It was too long,'' I explained to William. ''And besides, I was hungry.''
William always accepts my explanations. He seems to understand that you can't expect grandfathers to act like other people.
Since then I've had a reason to call William almost every day to ask about the health of our snowman. I knew that Frosty had been melting but yesterday William told me, ''There's only a bump left, but I took the eyes into my house.''
I hope that means that he's saving them and will expect me to show up in Washington after the next snowstorm.
WESTCHESTER OPINION<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Only a day removed from the Giants' catastrophic loss to the Eagles, the details were already fading. By Monday, the hows and whys of a game-killing punt return had become much less important than the realization that a season full of hope was in jeopardy so quickly.
At 2-4, the Giants are on the brink of playing themselves out of the playoffs. They are forced to find help for an already vulnerable offensive line as right guard Rich Seubert had surgery for a broken leg, which will put him out of action for seven to eight months. And their next game brings them to the doorstep of a 6-0 Minnesota team enjoying the kind of rousing success the Giants had envisioned for themselves as recently as six weeks ago.
Giants Coach Jim Fassel did not try to sugarcoat any of this, even though he is the one bearing most of the heat for his team's falling into those circumstances.
''You can't be throwing flower petals, saying, 'Oh, guys, this is all right,' '' Fassel said. ''The clock is ticking. We need to start winning games.''
The same time-running-out scenario could be extended to Fassel's job security, a recurring theme in recent seasons, when the Giants have gotten off to their traditional slow starts. In Fassel's seven seasons, the Giants have started 1-3, 2-4, 2-3, 3-2, 3-4, 3-4 and 2-4. In three of his first six seasons, the Giants rebounded to make the playoffs.
''Obviously we're frustrated,'' said John Mara, the Giants' executive vice president. ''But we still have a lot of the season left and we still have confidence in the team and the staff. We're hopeful that we can turn it around.''
What makes the start to this season more jarring, though, are the high expectations that came with the feeling that the Giants had their most talented offensive team in years, if not ever. The front office had upgraded the special teams talent, and the draft had added depth to a strong defense. ''Just because you've got potential, that doesn't mean nothing,'' defensive tackle Keith Hamilton said. ''Potential will get you out of a job real fast. You don't win games on what you should do.''
Giants General Manager Ernie Accorsi also continues to support Fassel, even though he commented in The Boston Globe last weekend that the impact of coaches has become more important in the salary-cap age, using Bill Parcells's turnaround of the Cowboys as an example. Accorsi said he did not mean that to reflect poorly on Fassel, but he would not elaborate on the job Fassel is doing.
''I am not going to comment on our season while it's going on,'' Accorsi said. ''It's not my place. I'm not going to interfere with the coach's job.''
Accorsi does have personnel issues to deal with this week. Seubert's injury creates more problems for an already thin offensive line. The majority of the Giants' free-agent signings were made to bolster the special teams, but in that equation the team lost two starting offensive linemen (Jason Whittle and Mike Rosenthal) and its best blocking tight end (Dan Campbell), all of whom signed with other teams.
With Seubert out, three rookies fill starting spots and another player will be signed this week to fill Seubert's roster spot.
With all that, though, the Giants still have to face an uphill task, starting with a game against the Vikings.
Minnesota is one of the teams being noticed for a coach-inspired turnaround. Last season, the Vikings started 0-4 and were 3-10 before winning their final three games. The most remarkable turnaround has come on their defense, which has a new coordinator in George O'Leary. With much the same personnel that gave up 27.6 points a game last season, the Vikings have cut that to 17.3.
''Beating them would go a long way,'' Giants defensive end Michael Strahan said. ''We have to go in there with the attitude that we can't afford to not come out of there with a victory.''
Fassel has found a magic button several times before, once by guaranteeing the team would make the playoffs.
''He's a fighter,'' Hamilton said of Fassel. ''He's not going to lay down. Until the time's up, we're going down kicking and screaming.''
Strahan said: ''He's just honest with you and he doesn't allow you to quit. As long as you have those things, you have a chance.''
PRO FOOTBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3*Service Merchandise Co. (NYSE)
Qtr to June 30
1991
1990
Sales
747,777,000
749,227,000
Net inc
5,386,000
1,200,000
Share earns
.08
.02
Shares outst
67,002,000
65,695,000
6mo sales
1,355,504,000
1,374,674,000
Net loss
7,860,000
14,307,000
Shares outst
66,634,000
65,785,000<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>After the New England Patriots throttled the Jets on Sunday, 37-16, someone asked Patriots linebacker Tedy Bruschi if the Patriots took their game to another level during the playoffs.
''The next level to us is the Super Bowl,'' he said. ''And we haven't been there in a while.''
A while? The Patriots won their most recent Super Bowl title two seasons ago. Only one championship has been decided since then, and it went to the Pittsburgh Steelers.
''That's a while to me,'' Bruschi said.
So it is these days in New England, where a trip to the Super Bowl is a rite of winter. But this winter will be a bit longer for the Patriots if they are to reach their fourth Super Bowl in six seasons. In their three title runs, they did not have to take the long way. The Patriots had first-round byes and needed only two victories, the first at home, to make it to the Super Bowl.
Last season, when the Patriots had to play a first-round game, they beat the Jaguars. The next week, they lost to the Broncos in Denver, 27-13. Of course, the Steelers won the Super Bowl after winning three playoff games on the road.
The Patriots were 12-4 this season, but that earned them only the fourth seeding in the American Football Conference. And their victory over the Jets set up a meeting with the San Diego Chargers, an opponent that no team wants. The Chargers have a 10-game winning streak and are unbeaten at home. The Patriots, as the lowest-seeded team remaining, cannot be the host for the A.F.C. championship game.
The Patriots were 7-1 on the road, with their only loss a 21-0 shocker at Miami.
But none of their previous road opponents had the offensive firepower that the Chargers possess. The game presents excellent matchups. The up-and-coming quarterback Philip Rivers against Tom Brady, the best playoff quarterback in the game. Brady will also go against one of the best pass rushers in the game, Shawne Merriman. Chargers tight end Antonio Gates matches against whatever combination of defenders have to chase him.
The biggest matchup will be the Patriots' front seven, the best in the league, against Chargers running back LaDainian Tomlinson, the N.F.L.'s most valuable player. Tomlinson, who was also named offensive player of the year, rushed for 1,815 yards and 28 touchdowns this season.
''He's explosive,'' cornerback Asante Samuel said of Tomlinson. ''If you sit back, he'll gas you like he does everyone else.''
Chargers Coach Marty Schottenheimer, who has notably failed in previous postseasons, goes up against Bill Belichick, perhaps the best coach of his era. Still, this is the most balanced team Schottenheimer has ever had, and he has said that Tomlinson is the best running back ever to play in the league. Patriots nose tackle Vince Wilfork called the Chargers ''hands-down the best team in the N.F.L.''
Tomlinson has faced the Patriots only three times since he came into the league in 2001, but he has turned in memorable performances, averaging 141.7 yards. In 2002, he ran for 217 yards and 2 touchdowns. Last season, he had 134 yards and 2 touchdowns as the Chargers scored 24 unanswered points in the second half to win, 41-17. Samuel remembered feeling as if a professional team were playing a college team in that game, with a sense of hopelessness that the Patriots rarely have.
''He killed us last year,'' Belichick said Monday. ''We're usually looking at the back of his jersey. We haven't done very well against him. He's killed a lot of people besides us, and he's killed us. A team might keep him down for a few carries, but it's just a matter of time before he breaks out, in one way or another, and gets in the end zone.''
The Patriots had the fifth-best run defense in the league this season (they were 12th against the pass and 6th over all), but the perception is that the Patriots lack tremendous speed among their linebackers, a potential liability against Tomlinson. The Jets, who did not have much of a running game, used the speedy Leon Washington to slash through the Patriots' defense. He averaged 4.5 yards while being defended by Bruschi, although he had only 11 carries.
Safety Rodney Harrison, who is critical to holding off a multipronged offensive attack, missed the game against the Jets because of a right knee injury sustained in the regular-season finale against the Titans. On Monday, Belichick said Harrison was day to day and would not say if he would be available Sunday.
In their most successful seasons, the Patriots relied on Harrison in the playoffs to disrupt an explosive offense -- usually that of the Colts and Peyton Manning -- with his hard hits and intensity. Manning and the Colts play the Ravens on Saturday in Baltimore. On Sunday, perhaps without Harrison, New England again faces the most dangerous offensive player, this time in Tomlinson.
PRO FOOTBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>USX CORP., Pittsburgh, said its U.S. Steel Group unit planned to spend $46 million to improve the production and quality of its tubular products at a plant in Fairfield, Ala..
VYSIS INC., Downers Grove, Ill., a company that develops products to evaluate and manage cancer and other genetic diseases, sold three million shares for $12 each in an initial public offering of stock.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Announcement has been made by Mr. and Mrs. Joseph J. Melone of Short Hills, N.J., of the engagement of their daughter Lisa Jane Melone to Robert C. Cloughen Jr., the son of Mr. Cloughen of Boynton Beach, Fla., and Dolores Cloughen of West Palm Beach, Fla.
Announcement has been made by Mr. and Mrs. Joseph J. Melone of Short Hills, N.J., of the engagement of their daughter Lisa Jane Melone to Robert C. Cloughen Jr., the son of Mr. Cloughen of Boynton Beach, Fla., and Dolores Cloughen of West Palm Beach, Fla.
The future bride, who graduated from Lafayette College, is an account executive for the Coca-Cola Clothes Division of Murjani International in New York. Her father is president of the Prudential Insurance Company of America.
Mr. Cloughen, a liaison in the corporate bond department at Prudential-Bache Securities in New York, graduated from the University of Florida at Gainesville. His father is the golf professional at the Fountains Country Club in West Palm Beach.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Glynn Milburn got Stanford close and Tommy Vardell finished the job by rushing for three touchdowns, two in the fourth quarter, as the Cardinal stung Colorado, 28-21, today.
Colorado (2-2) lost quarterback Darian Hagan with 12 minutes 1 second left when he was sacked and injured his left knee. There was no immediate report on the severity of the injury.
Milburn broke free on a 55-yard run to position the Cardinal (1-2) at the Colorado 28-yard line. Two plays later, Vardell, behind a block by tackle Bob Whitfield, swept 20 yards around left end for his second touchdown with 13 minutes 9 seconds remaining.
Vardell's third touchdown, a 7-yard run, came with 6:37 remaining and followed a Stanford recovery of a fumble by Lamont Warren. Washington 56, Kansas St. 3
SEATTLE (AP) -- Billy Joe Hobert threw for three touchdowns, two to Mario Bailey, and Jay Barry ran for two touchdowns as Washington (3-0) dealt Kansas State (3-1) its first loss. (Washington was ranked No. 1 by The New York Times in the preseason top 20.)
In three quarters, Hobert completed 13 of 18 passes for 234 yards.
Beno Bryant's fourth punt return for a touchdown tied the Pacific-10 Conference record set by U.C.L.A.'s Sam Brown from 1953 to 1955. His career punt-return yardage of 770 yards is a Washington record. Miami 34, Tulsa 10
TULSA, Okla. (AP) -- Stephen McGuire scored twice and Gino Torretta threw two short touchdown passes for Miami (3-0). Torretta, who completed 20 of 33 passes for 327 yards, threw for touchdowns of 1 and 3 yards as the Hurricanes broke the game open in the second quarter by scoring three touchdowns in 6 minutes 22 seconds. Tulsa fell to 3-2. Oklahoma 27, Virginia Tech 17
NORMAN, Okla. (AP) -- Cale Gundy threw for one touchdown, ran for another and set a school passing record for Oklahoma (3-0). Gundy's 3-yard run late in the third quarter gave the Sooners (3-0) a 27-10 lead, and Oklahoma then held off a late rally by the Hokies (1-3).
Gundy's 18 completions broke the record of 15 set by Jack Mildren against Nebraska in 1969. His 31 attempts tied the school record, which has stood since 1938. Gundy's 235 yards were 11 short of the school record.
Oklahoma had only 145 yards rushing, 205 below its average. Colorado St. 28, Hawaii 16
FORT COLLINS, Colo. (AP) -- Kevin Verdugo and Greg Primus hooked up on two touchdown passes, and Primus set a school record with 256 receiving yards as Colorado State (2-3 over all, 1-1 in the conference) snapped a three-game losing streak in the Western Athletic Conference game. Primus had a career-high 10 catches, and his 256 yards broke the previous Colorado State single-game record of 219 yards by Jeff Champine against Northern Colorado in 1983. Hawaii is 3-2, 2-1. B.Y.U. 21, Air Force 7
PROVO, Utah (AP) -- Ty Detmer threw for two touchdowns to second-string receiver Otis Sterling for Brigham Young (1-3, 1-0) in the Western Athletic Conference game. Air Force fell to 4-1, 3-1. Detmer completed 20 of 30 passes for 340 yards with one interception. B.Y.U. finished with 529 total yards to 280 for Air Force. Wyoming 28, Texas-El Paso 28
LARAMIE, Wyo. (AP) -- A mishandled snap by Wyoming's Derek Palmer botched a 33-yard field-goal attempt with 10 seconds to play in the Western Athletic Conference game. Wyoming (2-2-1, 0-1-1) had led by 21-0. Texas-El Paso is 3-1-1, 1-0-1).
COLLEGE FOOTBALL: WEST/SOUTHWEST<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A sports article yesterday about a high school basketball tournament in Trenton misidentified the relative whose death resulted in the absence of Bob Hurley Sr., the coach of St. Anthony of Jersey City, a participating team. She was his mother, not his wife.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: The State Supreme Court cleared the way today for the removal of 100 county inmates from the crowded Hudson County Jail, rejecting efforts by the state to delay the move while it fought the court order.
The State Supreme Court cleared the way today for the removal of 100 county inmates from the crowded Hudson County Jail, rejecting efforts by the state to delay the move while it fought the court order.
State prison officials immediately began making arrangements to construct temporary tents for the prisoners next to the Hudson County Jail Annex in Secaucus.
But a state Corrections Department spokesman, James V. Stabile, said that the state does not have the money to comply with the order, and that the county must put up the $300,000 needed to house the prisoners in tents for a month until additional cells are built.
The state's highest court rejected an appeal by state corrections officials to delay the removal. The court also refused a request by the state to consider the entire case immediately, requiring officials to continue their fight against the ruling in the Appellate Division of Superior Court.
Superior Court Judge Burrell Ives Humphreys ruled two weeks ago that the state is responsible for correcting overcrowded conditions in county jails, and he ordered state officials to immediately reduce the population at the Hudson jail.
Assistant Public Defender Nancy Feldman, who handled the lawsuit brought by the Department of the Public Advocate, said the ruling exhausted the state's means to delay Judge Humphreys's order.
She said the antiquated jail was built to hold about 300 inmates, but now holds more than 700 prisoners.
The setback for the state comes almost five months after Arnaldo Ortega, an inmate, was beaten to death at the jail. Two guards and a deputy warden were indicted on murder charges in connection with the incident.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Police wearing surgical masks and rubber gloves today arrested 80 demonstrators who blocked the entrance to a Federal office building to protest AIDS drug policies.
Police wearing surgical masks and rubber gloves today arrested 80 demonstrators who blocked the entrance to a Federal office building to protest AIDS drug policies.
Many of the 400 participants in the two-hour protest outside the Federal Building in the Westwood district of Los Angeles wore T-shirts saying they had the fatal disease.
A spokesman for the AIDS Coalition to Unleash Power/Los Angeles, said the protest was part of a nationwide effort to spotlight the lack of health care for AIDS patients.
''The Government is neglecting people with AIDS,'' said Chris Roy, one of the protestors. ''They've only approved one AIDS drug and 60,000 people have died.''
Those arrested were charged with trespassing and disorderly conduct and released.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The cell phone on the floor in Bernie Williams's locker kept buzzing yesterday. Someone was trying to call Williams a few minutes after the Yankees' 10-5 loss to the Orioles. The noisy ring continued a few feet from Mariano Rivera as he talked about Derek Jeter's flubbing a potential double-play grounder that would have ended a rally and about how he wound up allowing five earned runs in the 11th inning.
Williams could not answer the phone because he was dressing in the trainer's room after learning that his father, Bernabe Sr., 73, who is battling pulmonary fibrosis, had a massive heart attack and was in grave condition. Williams left on a direct flight to San Juan, P.R., last night and Manager Joe Torre, his face pale and his words coming in whispers, said, ''Unfortunately, it doesn't look good right now.''
Jeter usually fields the type of grounder that he botched and Rivera had not allowed five runs in a game in his previous 339 career relief appearances, but the Yankees were much more despondent about what happened once they returned to the clubhouse.
That was when Williams was instructed to call Hiram, his brother, who told him to come home immediately.
''There's nothing you can say,'' Jeter said, ''except you're sorry.''
With Williams's personal torture serving as a backdrop in a somber clubhouse, the Yankees were understandably understated as they talked about losing to the Orioles for the first time this season and losing to a team with a losing record for the first time in 16 games this year.
This was supposed to be the game in which Orlando Hernandez righted himself, but, although he worked into the eighth and used a reliable slider and his full repertory, he permitted two homers and five runs. He still does not have a victory.
Jeter knew that a double play would push the Yankees through the 11th inning, so he tried to field Jerry Hairston's grounder quickly and flip it to Alfonso Soriano. But Jeter said the ball stayed down and he went up. The Yankees had to settle for a fielder's choice, the miscue giving the Orioles a 6-5 lead and helping make Rivera, yes, that Rivera, look human. Rivera walked Delino DeShields, Mike Kinkade singled to center to drive in a run and Jeff Conine rocked a prodigious three-run homer to center.
Rivera, who never allowed more than five earned runs in any month last season, was bruised for five in one inning against a team the Yankees had beaten six straight times.
''It ain't going to be the last time,'' Rivera said, after the first time. ''I can't do nothing about that. I can't change that. It's behind me. I'm moving forward.''
The Yankees wanted to see Hernandez move forward, and Torre said he did, slightly. Torre expected Hernandez to pitch better because his spirits were improved. Catcher Jorge Posada promised that Hernandez would be aggressive. Paul O'Neill peered at Hernandez and said, ''It would be nice for us to get El Duque a win, wouldn't it?''
Indeed. The season is 38 games old and the zero next to Hernandez's name is starting to aggravate him. Hernandez stalked around the clubhouse as if he were a boxer. He shook hands with O'Neill, patted Jeter on the back, scribbled in his ticket requests and had ice applied to his shoulder, constantly moving. El Duque looked as anxious as a father-to-be.
Hernandez had a promising start, holding the Orioles to three singles in three innings and striking out Brook Fordyce with one of his long lost sliders, a pitch that broke sharply away from the right-handed-hitting Fordyce, the kind of pitch that makes El Duque special. But the Orioles used a walk, Conine's single off El Duque's leg and Chris Richard's three-run homer to tie the score, 3-3, in the fourth.
In the eighth, Hernandez recognized an ominous sound, the sound of a ball leaving Yankee Stadium. He turned to watch Greg Myers's two-run shot soar over the right-field fence, then put his hands on his cap, lowered his head and thrust his arms forward as if he were dropping a weight that had become too heavy. The Orioles had a 5-3 lead.
Torre admitted he wanted El Duque to get his first victory, one reason he let him start the eighth with a pitch count of 119. Hernandez had not thrown more than 111 in a start this season, but he told Torre he felt strong. Delino DeShields hit a one-out single and Myers homered to right on Hernandez's 1-1 fastball. El Duque, who threw 137 pitches, said, ''That reinforces that I feel fine and I'm healthy.''
Ryan Kohlmeier was not as animated as Hernandez an inning later, but he might have been as exasperated. Kohlmeier was one out away from beating the Yankees, but O'Neill forced him to turn around, belting a two-run homer into the right-field bleachers to tie the score, 5-5.
The Yankees had a little life. It lasted until the forgettable 11th, when Jeter failed to turn the double play and Rivera had the kind of dismal outing he has never had before. Then the Yankees learned the depressing details about Williams's father and stumbled to say something, anything.
''There's nothing you can tell him,'' Tino Martinez said, ''except, 'Go home.' ''
BASEBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Now that the Republican leaders in the Senate have finished wasting the nation's time over a constitutional ban on gay marriage, we're bracing for Act Two of the culture-war circus that the White House is staging to get out the right-wing vote this fall.
Senator Bill Frist, the majority leader, plans to continue to set aside work on pressing issues facing the country to vote on yet another unworthy constitutional amendment -- a prohibition on burning the American flag.
If the gay marriage amendment was a pathetic attempt to change the subject in an election year, the flag-burning proposal is simply ridiculous. At least there actually is a national debate about marriage, and many thousands of gay couples want to wed. Flag burning is an issue that exists only for the purpose of pandering to a tiny slice of voters. Supporters of the amendment cannot point to a single instance of anti-American flag burning in the last 30 years. The video images that the American Legion finds so offensive to veterans and other Americans are either of Vietnam-era vintage or from other countries.
Nevertheless, flag burning remains one of those ''wedge issues'' that Republicans use to denigrate the patriotism of Democratic candidates or to get the party's base out to vote.
The other big difference between the two amendments is that the ban on gay marriage was never going to get the two-thirds vote in Congress required to send it to the states for ratification. Yesterday, the Senate rejected it by 49 to 48, with the help of seven Republicans.
The flag-burning amendment, on the other hand, actually could pass. A realistic nose count based on members' public statements and how they voted when the measure last came up, in 2000, suggests the Senate may be just a single vote short of punching a hole in free speech.
Senator Harry Reid, the minority leader, should be rallying Democrats to join the small handful of principled Republicans so far willing to oppose the amendment. But as things stand, he is among the Democrats who plan to vote for this constitutional vandalism. Opponents of the amendment, like Senator Patrick Leahy, Democrat of Vermont, are standing on firm ground in trying to protect the Bill of Rights from an election-year stunt.
It is the patriotic thing to do.
Editorial<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The men's shot-put was in its final stages on the first night of Olympic track and field competition, and as the mammoth, barrel-chested men lumbered intensely about the infield, the 110,000 fans in the Olympic Stadium were beside themselves.
There was a huge roar; thousands of flash bulbs blinked in the night like a swarm of fireflies on a mountain slope and then the roar gradually faded away into a buzz. Australia's Cathy Freeman had just won her first-round heat in the 400 meters.
''It was nice while it lasted,'' said John Godina of the United States.
It is not easy being a shot-putter. Not easy being a minor act in a cosmopolitan circus in which sprinters, middle-distance runners and pole vaulters remain the principal attractions. Not easy finally getting the chance to perform in the Olympic spotlight and watching the gold medal go unexpectedly to a bearded, Harley-riding Finn named Arsi Harju.
''If you would have asked me this morning who would win, I would certainly not have said Arsi,'' Godina said. ''But the guy came out and performed like a champion.''
After throwing a personal best in qualifying of 70 feet 2 1/4 inches in the morning, Harju threw 69-10 1/4 on his second of six attempts in the final tonight. That was 3 1/4 inches better than the American silver medalist, Adam Nelson (69-7), and 3 1/2 inches better than Godina (69-6 3/4), who won silver in the last Olympics.
''I was thinking of a medal, but I didn't believe in gold until the end of the last round,'' said Harju, who became the first man from Finland to win the shot-put since 1920 and the first Finn to win a medal in these Olympics.
While the Finns were ecstatic, Canadian fans were crestfallen after Donovan Bailey, who won the men's 100 meters in the 1996 Games, finished last in his second-round heat and failed to advance to Saturday's semifinal round. Bailey, the world record-holder in the 100 until the American Maurice Greene bettered his mark last year, had managed to return to respectable form after tearing his Achilles' tendon in 1998.
''I still believe in my heart that if everything went right, I could have won here, but some things you can't control,'' Bailey said.
It was also a painful evening for the defending Olympic champion in the men's high jump. The American Charles Austin failed to advance to the 13-man final, clearing 7 feet 2 inches.
The other favorites in the men's and women's 100, including Greene and his compatriot Marion Jones, sailed through the opening two rounds with relative ease. Jones's time was extremely fast for a heat: 10.83 seconds.
But if Jones remains the favorite in the 100, her self-appointed task of winning five gold medals continues to grow more complicated. Two of the women who were supposed to help her win the 4x100 relay are struggling: Inger Miller is uncertain to compete because of a strained hamstring; and Torri Edwards, who replaced Miller in the 100 tonight, failed to advance past the second round. And one of Jones's prospective 4x400 relay teammates, Michelle Collins, also failed to get past the first round in the 400.
Freeman's goal remains the 400-meter gold, and tonight she opened her campaign successfully. But Marie-Jose Perec's lane was left empty in the next 400 heat. Perec, the French star and defending Olympic champion, fled Sydney on Tuesday night, after an intruder reportedly broke into her room and threatened her. Although Perec's name was still on the start list tonight in Sydney, she had, by then, already landed in Paris.
As for Harju, until tonight he was not even considered the best shot-putter in Finland. Even though he won the national championship last month, he did so in the absence of the injured and more highly regarded Mika Halvari. Until now, Harju had never competed in a world championship final or the Olympics.
Nelson was also on a grand stage for the first time. At 6 feet and 250 pounds, he is small for a world-class shot-putter; Godina is 6-4 and 285. Yet with the help of Bob Weir, a British shot-putter who is an assistant track coach at Stanford University, Nelson has honed his skills.
Though his personal best coming into this season was 67-8 3/4 , he won the Olympic trials in Sacramento, Calif., with a remarkable throw of 72-7, which was the longest in the world for four years. Nelson then finished first in four of the year's five remaining Golden League meets in Europe. But tonight, he could not get it to go nearly as far as he did at the trials.
''I was thinking Sacramento, Sacramento, please be like Sacramento,'' he said. ''To be honest, the pressure started getting to me a little today. But I'm very happy with the way I placed in my first major championships.
''The three things I'm most proud of: I'm here. I'm clean. I got a silver medal.''
Harju's winning throw was the shortest at an Olympics since 1984, but tonight's medalists said that was a reason to celebrate, not commiserate. ''Drug testing works,'' Godina said. ''Nobody in this group has had a positive drug test, and that's something to be proud about.''
SYDNEY 2000: TRACK AND FIELD<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
''Disrespect as Catalyst for Brutality'' (front page, Nov. 19), on alleged brutality by New York City police, leaves the impression that when a district attorney's office declines to prosecute a given case, it indicates misconduct or a bad arrest by the department.
In fact, such a refusal to prosecute may stem from a variety of things.
If the department presents a case in which an assistant district attorney feels there is no hope of winning a conviction, he will decline to prosecute. ''Probable cause'' is the level of proof necessary to make a legal arrest, while ''beyond a reasonable doubt'' is the more stringent level necessary for a conviction.
There is a basic problem with the way New York City handles civilian complaints of misconduct.
The majority of civilians who make the allegation have been subdued, arrested, issued a summons or simply yelled at. It is often difficult to tell if the complaint is made out of a desire for revenge or if it is legitimate.
Many complaints against an officer may be reason to believe he is prone to misconduct, yet it could also indicate that he is an active officer, has made numerous arrests and polices his post with care.
Nor is settling a complaint out of court an indication of police misconduct. The Corporation Counsel's office, which represents the city and the police in civil cases, runs on a budget, not pure principle. If the Corporation Counsel believes there is a chance of losing a suit because of an unsympathetic jury or that a suit will require a disproportionate amount of lawyers' time, it will settle.
LUCAS MILLER  New York, Nov. 19, 1997
The writer is a New York City police detective.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>POTTS-George H. A Celebration of George's life will be held on Tuesday, September 23rd, at 7:30 PM, at 3 West 51st St., NYC in the Solarium Room. All of George's friends are cordially invited.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: The operation took only a little more than two hours, and the patient will be staying in the hospital only a few days, but by the time Jeff Reardon is able to pitch again the 1990 season will be history.
The operation took only a little more than two hours, and the patient will be staying in the hospital only a few days, but by the time Jeff Reardon is able to pitch again the 1990 season will be history.
Reardon, the 35-year-old Boston reliever, who was placed on the 21-disabled list with a ruptured disk on Friday, underwent the surgery yesterday at the University of Massachusetts Medical Center in Worcester.
The loss of Reardon is a severe one for the Red Sox, who are fighting with the Toronto Blue Jays for the lead of the American League East. Reardon, who signed a three-year contract worth a reported $6.8 million in December, has a 3-3 record and 18 saves in 25 chances in 39 appearances this year.
Manager Joe Morgan named Rob Murphy to take Reardon's place as the game-closing reliever and Daryl Irvine, a rookie, was recalled from the minors to fill out the 25-man roster. Murphy earned a save yesterday in a 3-1 victory over the Detroit Tigers.(AP)  SPORTS PEOPLE<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>SOAPBOX<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Jane Durand Wilson, a daughter of Linda and Kendrick Wilson III of Bedford, N.Y., was married yesterday to Timothy Stephen Hall, a son of Hope and Stephen Hall of Waccabuc, N.Y. The Rev. David Prior, an Episcopal priest, performed the ceremony at Christ Memorial Chapel in Hobe Sound, Fla.
Mrs. Hall, 27, is known as Randy. She is an assistant kindergarten teacher at the Riverdale Country School in the Bronx. She graduated from Middlebury College and in June is to begin studying for a master's degree in early childhood education at New York University.
The bride's father is a vice chairman at Goldman Sachs, the investment bank in Manhattan. He is on the board of the Hospital for Special Surgery in Manhattan.
Mr. Hall, also 27, is a portfolio manager and analyst at Deltec Asset Management in Manhattan. He graduated from Bowdoin College.
His father is a senior vice president for wealth management at a Manhattan sales office of Smith Barney.
WEDDINGS/CELEBRATIONS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>With a degree from the prestigious Keio University, Hiroshi Matsuo was working his way up the Mazda Motor Corporation's personnel department when he got a new assignment.
After three days of training, he donned an apron and oil-stained work gloves, and began unloading auto parts and delivering them to the assembly line here.
Going from personnel to production might seem like a demotion, but Mr. Matsuo considers himself lucky. His transfer reflects the extraordinary lengths to which Japan's blue-chip companies will go in the depths of a recession to preserve their tradition of lifetime employment. A Lengthening Slump
Faced with a loss this year of up to $300 million -- and unwilling to dismiss white-collar workers -- Mazda is shifting 500 of them to the assembly line for three-month stints to take over jobs that had been performed by contract workers.
But with Japan's lengthening slump, doubts are rising about whether some of the country's biggest companies will be able to preserve such paternalistic practices.
"Most manufacturers are desperately trying to keep that pattern but some might not be able to follow through," said Minoru Makihara, the president of the Mitsubishi Corporation, the huge trading concern.
Analysts say the inability or unwillingness of companies to drastically cut their work forces impedes their efforts to restructure and improve profits. That could prolong the recession. American companies, including the Big Three auto makers, are gaining on their Japanese competitors in part because they have become more efficient with smaller work forces.
Peter Morgan, an economist at Merrill Lynch Japan, estimates that Japanese companies now have two million more workers than they need, or about 3 percent of the work force. If they were let go, the unemployment rate would climb to 5.6 percent, from its current level of 2.6 percent.
Naturally, the Government does not want to see unemployment surge and is putting pressure on companies to maintain their payrolls. Some corporate managers would like to eliminate jobs but nobody wants to be the first. When the Pioneer Electronic Corporation said earlier this year that it would compel 35 senior managers to retire, it attracted a storm of unfavorable publicity.
"Why should I protest?" said Mr. Matsuo, 28, who said his new job at first caused him numerous physical aches and pains but was free of the mental stress of office work. When he works the overnight shift every other week he also gets some extra pay. "When we consider Mazda's current situation, with an excess of office workers, perhaps this situation is necessary," he said. System Praised
Many Japanese praise the system of keeping workers on the payroll. Although Japan is in the midst of what is now being described as the worst economic slump since World War II, there is no civil unrest here, few bread lines and relatively few homeless people, although the number appears to have risen somewhat of late.
Essentially, Japanese companies take on the responsibility of caring for the unemployed, a job that the Government does in the United States through unemployment benefits. Japan's Government helps companies by paying two-thirds to three-quarters of the salaries of workers who are being "retrained" or told to stay home because there is nothing for them to do.
About 200 industries, including cars and computers, have qualified for such subsidies, and the Government has budgeted 75.3 billion yen, or about $700 million, for such payments this year, an amount that is about to be raised to almost $800 million. In September, the latest month for which figures are available, such subsidies helped pay the wages of about 132,000 workers who were temporarily laid off and 17,000 workers undergoing retraining.
Lifetime employment originated only in the 1950's in Japan as a way of quelling labor unrest by making the company seem like one big family. It also applied only to big companies.
As long as the Japanese companies were growing rapidly, it was not hard to guarantee jobs for life. For one thing, companies did not have a problem if excessive payrolls cut into profits. At most Japanese companies, the majority of stock is in the friendly hands of affiliated companies that apply little pressure for short-term gains.
Also, the benefit only applies to full-time Japanese male employees, not to women, part-timers and foreigners, who are often forced out of jobs to make room for the privileged. Mazda has a place on its assembly line for Mr. Matsuo because it has been eliminating 1,500 contract workers. Job Losses Grow
Moreover, while outright discharges are rare, some forms of "voluntary" retirement -- such as when an employee is shifted to a dead-end job or asked to retire for the company's good -- are tantamount to dismissals.
So even though lifetime employment continues, joblessness is beginning to grow. Numerous companies have announced plans to shed thousands of workers by attrition over the next few years. Recently, the Nippon Steel Company said it would shed 7,000 employees -- 40 percent of its white-collar workers and 15 percent of blue-collar laborers -- in three years, a cutback the company insists it can accomplish through attrition and by transferring workers to affiliates.
Companies have also cut back sharply on hiring new recruits. That means more young people will soon be on the unemployment rolls, although many may choose to continue their studies and therefore will not count as unemployed. For each 100 job seekers, there are now only 69 job openings, the lowest level since 1987.
Paul Summerville, the director of research at Lehman Brothers Japan, said that while the nation's official unemployment rate was 2.6 percent, the true rate was 4 percent, not counting the people on corporate payrolls with nothing to do. Many people who lose jobs are women who decide not to look for another job and are not counted in the official unemployment statistics.
Still, by American standards, the cutbacks here seem surprisingly mild. Japan's big steel companies, for instance, recently began closing for two days a month during which employees will still get 80 percent to 90 percent of their pay. A 'Slight Toothache'
Nobuaki Masuda, an assistant manager in accounting and finance for Sumitomo Metal Industries, spent the first of these days off on a recent Friday going to a golf driving range with his wife and to a lake with his two young sons. Because he lives in company housing outside Tokyo, "almost everyone in that apartment was off Friday," he recalled.
Despite what seems like two extra paid holidays a month, Mr. Masuda said he expected to lose almost $100 a month in income, a loss he compared with a "slight toothache" that can be lived with but not ignored.
Sumitomo Metal is not saying how much it will save. But the savings will probably be significant because two-thirds of the pay the workers get for the holidays are paid by the Government subsidy program.
Still, Mr. Masuda said, "I don't think it's the ultimate solution for the problems of the company." Sumitomo Metal is expected to report a loss of 9 billion yen, or more than $80 million, for the first half of its fiscal year.
Besides moving white-collar workers to the assembly line, Mazda is moving office workers to its sales and service divisions. It is closing a small assembly line and cutting its work force by 3,000 people, or about 10 pecent, in the next three years by attrition. Recently, following the example of the steel companies, Mazda said it would close the company for two days this month, with workers receiving 90 percent pay.
Mazda officials said the new measures should be sufficient. But securities analysts said they doubted that Mazda had come to grips with its problems.
Meanwhile, Mr. Matsuo, who delivers brake fluid tubes to the assembly line, said he was confident that lifetime employment would be preserved.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3*Commercial Intertech Corp.(TEC,N)
Year to Oct 31
1994
1993
Sales
516,931,000
448,557,000
Net inc
b25,081,000
14,015,000
Share earns
1.50
.79
b-Included income from discontinued operations of $ 5,462,000, or 36 cents a share.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>As Senate and House negotiators meet this week to reconcile their appropriations bills for Labor and Health and Human Services, one key issue they will have to address is whether to outlaw disparities between insurance coverage for mental and physical illnesses. The Senate bill would rightly do so, but House leaders are being lobbied by the health care industry to refrain from doing the same.
The stigma surrounding mental illness is lifting as it becomes increasingly apparent that millions of Americans who suffer from afflictions ranging from schizophrenia to depression can obtain treatment that allows them to lead full lives. The Senate's bipartisan measure, co-sponsored by 66 members, would force insurance companies to cover mental disorders on the same terms as they would physical ailments. It would prevent large employers' health plans from setting higher deductibles and co-payments for patients treated for mental disorders than for those treated for illnesses like cancer or respiratory problems.
Federal employee health plans and some states already require such parity, but millions of mental health patients elsewhere still face higher co-payments and deductibles, as well as fewer permissible days of hospital care and fewer visits to a doctor. In states that do require parity between mental and physical care, premiums have typically risen only about 1 percent, offering a convincing rebuttal to industry warnings of dramatically increased costs.
The House favors only a limited form of parity that would bar health plans from setting different limits on annual or lifetime payments for mental and physical care. That does not begin to address the real disparities facing mental health patients, like higher co-payments and lower caps on outpatient visits or in-hospital care.
President Bush should direct House Republican leaders to embrace the Senate measure, one that offers real parity. Although it exempts small businesses and fails to require that health plans cover mental illness, it would force many large health plans that do cover mental health to stop treating it as a lesser form of medicine. Patients would find it easier to obtain treatment, as well as some relief from an outmoded stigma.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>My brother, his wife and I rented a car for a vacation in Greece. When the bill came, my brother and his wife thought they should pay half and I should pay half. I thought we should split it three ways; they shouldn't be considered one unit just because they're married. They paid two-thirds of all restaurant bills but argued that bringing my sister-in-law did not increase the car-rental price. How should we split the costs?
G.B., East Elmhurst, New York
You should each pay one-third. Here in New York, if the three of you ride the subway, you pay equally; the happy couple get no marriage rate, although taking along a spouse does not increase the cost of running the No. 1 train. The same principle applies when driving to the Acropolis. Three people used the car equally; three people equally share the bill. The only way marriage comes into a car rental is in determining who's likely to be smooching in the back seat. (Or, depending on the marriage, bickering.) Most important, whatever the payment plan -- by the person, by the family, by the pound -- you should all agree on it in advance.
I have a friend in Alcoholics Anonymous, whose meetings are frequented by celebrities. Sometimes, when we're discussing a famous person, he'll blurt out, ''Oh, that person is in A.A.!'' I know that A.A. members are expected to safeguard the anonymity that the group relies on, so my friend's revelations are unethical. But I'm not in A.A. and have not sworn to protect anyone's anonymity, so may I share this celebrity gossip with others?
C.M., New York
Ah, the gossip equivalent of ill-gotten gain. While you're not bound by the pledge of confidentiality your friend presumably made, you are restrained by a more fundamental duty: not to do harm. Passing along this information would violate the privacy, and perhaps undermine the treatment, of someone in A.A. and potentially discourage others, wary of exposure, from attending. It's not just promises that guide our behavior. You've probably never vowed to refrain from spitting at celebrities, but I'll bet you'd exercise admirable salivary restraint, even at the Oscars, even if someone you revile won Best Something.
If this information becomes public -- e.g., if People magazine runs its imaginary annual Gin-Soaked Celebrities issue -- then there's no secret to keep, and you can talk your darn head off.
I found a great suit on sale for less than half price, so I called my good friend and asked if she wanted me to get one for her. She was elated and said yes. Later that night, the suit was stolen out of my car while she and I were out. The only reason it was there to be stolen was that I did her a favor, so I think she should offer to pay at least part of it. Agreed?
Anonymous, Cincinnati
Not really. I think she should pay the entire cost of her stolen suit. Once you bought the suit, it was hers, and thus she was obliged to repay you. You are not responsible for any high jinks that the suit gets into after that -- hanging out with a rough crowd, getting itself robbed, that sort of thing. It's bad enough that the suit tempted someone to break into your car. You should not be penalized for doing her the favor.
I'd see this differently if the suit were stolen because of carelessness, if for example you'd left the car unlocked, the suit in plain sight, and had erected a big flashing sign: Steal This Suit. I'd also reach a different conclusion if you were not you but United Parcel Service; then delivering the suit would be your job. However, the expectations and obligations in a casual personal transaction are not those of a professional relationship.
THE WAY WE LIVE NOW: 2-16-03: THE ETHICIST<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD:
TOTAL SPENDING: $49.8 billion, an increase of 6 percent over the 1989-90 budget. The state's general funds budget, which is made up of most state tax revenues but does not include payments to the state from the Federal Government, will rise by about 1.5 percent, to $30 billion.
REVENUES
TOTAL SPENDING: $49.8 billion, an increase of 6 percent over the 1989-90 budget. The state's general funds budget, which is made up of most state tax revenues but does not include payments to the state from the Federal Government, will rise by about 1.5 percent, to $30 billion.
REVENUES
DEFERRAL OF TAX CUT: Governor Cuomo and lawmakers agreed to delay a planned $400 million income tax cut this year and to ''stretch out'' planned future tax cuts.
NEW TAXES: $1.4 billion in new taxes and fees, including new taxes on corporations, professional services, liquor, soda, cigarettes, hotels, telephones, estates and gifts.
SPENDING
DRUG TREATMENT: $268 million to expand alcohol and drug treatment. Budget does not inlcude funds sought by Governor Cuomo to build two 1,000-bed drug-treatment centers, but provides for 1,000 beds to be built at centers with no more than 300 beds each.
SCHOOL AID: Total figure of $8.5 billion, up by $394 million over last year. New York city gets $153 million of the increase plus $22 million in surplus funds from the Municipal Assistance Corporation. All school districts except New York City get further benefit of $312 million reduction in payments to employee pensions funds.
BOND ACT: The Governor and lawmakers agreed to submit a $1.975 billion environmental bond act to the voters for land acquisition, solid-waste treatment, recycling, sewage treatment, park restoration and other purposes.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Fans of superheroes will have double reason to cheer on May 18. In addition to the 90-minute season finale of ''Smallville,'' the WB network will broadcast an eight-minute preview of ''Batman Begins,'' opening in theaters on June 17. The film, starring Christian Bale, left, explores the origin of the Dark Knight and his quest to become a force for justice in Gotham City. The ''Smallville'' finale presents the graduation of Clark Kent (played by Tom Welling) from high school.
GEORGE GENE GUSTINES<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Alison Richards, Jackson, Miss., November 1999
''For about three years I was doing heroin. It got really bad. Then something within me said, 'I don't want to live my life that way anymore.' I've been clean for nine months, and I'm very grateful that I've been able to make it this far. When I was high, I lied to my mom all the time and stole money from her. Now I try to keep the lines of communication open with her. Now she says she learns from me and how I deal with problems and joy. She has taken my life in photographs, and since I was starting my life over I wanted her to take pictures of me when I was, so to speak, fresh. I got the dress at the Salvation Army. It wasn't bought specifically to celebrate my nine months of sobriety, but it ended up that way. Before, if my mom had asked me to pose or put a dress on, I wouldn't have done it. All I ever wanted to do was get high. Now I can do things like that and enjoy it. I feel O.K. in my own skin. I am becoming Alison. I never knew who I was before.''
Catherine Saint Louis<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Dr. Tricia Lynn Eisenstein and Dr. Renier Joseph Brentjens are to be married this evening at Sail Harbor, a catering establishment in Bayville, L.I. The Rev. Emil Swiatek, a Roman Catholic priest, is to officiate, with Rabbi Michael Rosen taking part in the ceremony.
The couple, both 29, received their medical degrees from the State University at Buffalo, she magna cum laude and he with a joint Ph.D. in microbiology. The bride, who graduated cum laude from Duke University, is a resident in anesthesiology at Mount Sinai Medical Center in New York. The bridegroom, who graduated cum laude from Davidson College, is a resident in internal medicine at Yale-New Haven Hospital.
The bride is the daughter of Paula Cagen of Nesconset, L.I., and the late Lewis Eisenstein. Mr. Eisenstein was a vice president of Medex, a medical equipment manufacturer in Roslyn, L.I. The bride's mother is a marketing manager at Home State Holdings, an insurance company in New York.
The bridegroom is a son of Dr. Veronica Brentjens of Buffalo and the late Dr. Jan Brentjens. The bridegroom's mother is a dermatologist in West Seneca, N.Y. His father was a professor of pathology at SUNY Buffalo.
WEDDINGS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The Charter Revision Commission will have two public meetings this week -- one tomorrow and another on Thursday -- to finalize the language of proposals that could bring the most significant change ever to New York City elections.
After months of public hearings, heated discussions between the commission and politicians, and a host of studies by scholars, the panel will present voters with a plan for how nonpartisan elections might be conducted.
Wading through the proposals and understanding what they mean to every player in the political process is not a simple job. It appears that the commission has in mind a sweeping plan to change how elections are conducted, how candidates get on the ballot and how residents vote for their city officials.
So far, a handful of items are clear. The voters will be able to decide in November whether they wish to change the election system, in which political parties hold primaries to determine their candidates for the general election.
What is also clear is that any proposals offered by the Charter Revision Commission would not take effect until 2009, meaning that they would not occur until after Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg is no longer eligible to run for re-election.
The changes would affect elections for the mayor, the public advocate, the city comptroller, the 5 borough presidents and the 51 members of the City Council. They would not affect state positions, such as Assembly member, State Senate member, district attorneys or judges.
The biggest change proposed is that there would no longer be party primaries. In the current electoral system, primary elections are held in September and the winners face the candidates of other parties in the general election two months later.
Under the proposal being offered by the commission, there would still be two rounds of elections. But instead of primaries limited to registered voters in particular parties, the first election would include all the candidates running for a particular office, regardless of party affiliation. The two candidates who received the greatest number of votes in the first round would run against each other in a general election, still in November.
''The intent of nonpartisan elections is to lessen the influence of political parties in the nominating process of candidates at election time,'' said Paul Elliott, a spokesman for the commission. ''And it would create a more open process than the one we have today.
''This proposal,'' he continued, ''would allow any and every registered voter to cast their vote for any candidate who ran in the primary, regardless of what party name -- or lack of a party name -- appears with the candidate's name on the ballot.''
What is not yet clear, commission officials say, is whether candidates would be allowed to list their party affiliation on the ballot. A few weeks ago, Mayor Bloomberg, who started the push toward nonpartisan elections almost as soon as he was elected, suggested at a news conference that candidates be allowed to include their party affiliations, if they chose to, along with their names.
But if Mr. Bloomberg's proposal was meant to quash opposition to the idea of nonpartisan elections, it clearly has not worked. And that opposition is expected to intensify in the months ahead, with voters most likely facing a barrage of advertising and public debate heading into a referendum vote in November. The most vehement detractors of nonpartisan elections have been Democratic Party officials, who say that such elections would undercut the political strength of black, Hispanic and Asian candidates. The officials also say that nonpartisan elections would make it easier for wealthy politicians to avoid having to appeal to party leaders and members.
''There is no systematic data that indicates that this change would lead to increased voter participation,'' said Howard Wolfson, a consultant hired by the Democratic Party to help defeat the nonpartisan election proposal.
''But there is data that indicates that it hurts minority empowerment, that it confuses voters, that it causes a drop-off in down-ballot elections,'' he added, referring to the less prominent elections in the ballot. ''And there is data to suggest that it favors the wealthy at the expense of candidates of average means.''
Mr. Wolfson said he expected that voters would begin focusing on the issues after Labor Day. What the supporters and opponents will do to publicize their arguments is unclear.
Mr. Wolfson declined to discuss the strategy that the Democratic Party might take to defeat the proposals or say how much the party might spend in a public campaign.
Mr. Bloomberg, a billionaire who could put his fortune behind a campaign for nonpartisan elections, has not indicated whether that is his intention. A month ago, he and Democratic Party officials traded proposals and counterproposals on restricting spending on the campaign for nonpartisan elections. But neither side has budged, and the question of who will spend what remains in a stalemate.
Meanwhile, candidates are looking closely at the proposals to determine what impact the changes would have on their candidacies.
There are several big changes. For one, the commission is proposing that a candidate for City Council be allowed to qualify by obtaining the signatures of any registered voters within a Council district, instead of only voters affiliated with a particular party. Under the current guidelines, candidates for City Council must submit 900 valid signatures from voters registered in their political party. For those running citywide, 2,700 valid signatures are required.
In New York City today, petitions to run for office can be circulated only by a notary public -- or a New York variation, a commissioner of deeds -- or, in some cases, by a registered voter who lives within the district. The forms can be signed only by voters who are in the same party as the candidate and who live in the district where the candidate is running.
Under the commission's proposal, petition carriers can be people designated by a candidate's campaign. And they can collect signatures from voters who live in a specific Council district and who belong to any party.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The Stanley Cup is still locked in a box. The champagne is still on ice.
The Vancouver Canucks stunned the Rangers and their loyal fans last night with an astonishing 6-3 victory at Madison Square Garden that sent the championship series back to Western Canada for at least one more game. The Rangers hold a three games to two lead in the four-of-seven series.
Game 6 of the Stanley Cup finals will be held at the Pacific Coliseum tomorrow night in Vancouver, British Columbia, where frequent rain can have its charm, even when it falls on your parade.
And if New York loses again tomorrow, well, Ranger fans will cross that bridge when they come to it, assuming they don't jump first.
Among the excuses being offered after the Rangers' stunning loss were the ejection of Jeff Beukeboom, a defenseman who unwisely entered someone else's fight, and an apparent goal by Esa Tikkanen that was overturned due to a disputed offsides call.
These two incidents happened in succession early in the game, when it was still scoreless. While accurate, they were minor parts of the larger explanation.
The Rangers lost because their goalie, Mike Richter, played one of his rare poor games of the playoffs. They lost because his teammates seemed nervous amid the din and anticipation of a championship, and all the hubris that blew threw Manhattan all day like so much Midtown litter.
Both coaches, Mike Keenan of the Rangers and Pat Quinn of the Canucks, said they thought the players might have been influenced by the giddy mood among fans and media outlets.
"You can get seduced by success and certainly the media was seduced in this particular case," Keenan said. "This was picked up by the club."
"They smelled a victory," Quinn said. "I'm sure they were reading it. They might have been that much uptight."
Despite all this, they were trailing by only 1-0 when they entered a third period that was as strange as any all season. Play resembled that which is seen in training camp scrimmage: up and down, back and forth, last-goal-wins kind of stuff. The two teams combined for eight goals in less than 13 minutes.
After Vancouver took a 3-0 lead at the 2 minute 48 second mark of the period, the Rangers needed 5:35 to tie the game at 3-3, which lasted all of 29 seconds.
"It was the weirdest third period I've ever played in," said Sergio Momesso of the Canucks. "It was the biggest roller-coaster ride I've ever been on."
During the period, Geoff Courtnall scored twice and so did Pavel Bure. Richter faced 17 shots in the session, allowing long rebounds that were like those off a basketball hoop.
"He comes way out of the net," said Cliff Ronning, who assisted on the first goal of the game as well as the last one. "He tries to cut down the angles. If you hit his pads, there's going to be an empty net if there's a rebound. It's more important for the guy not shooting to be going to the net and looking for the rebound. You're going to have an empty net."
Richter acknowledged this reality with an optimistic spin.
"I can play better," he said, "so that's a positive. We've had our backs up against the wall worse than this in the Jersey series, and we're still in this series. Still a great team, fairly uninjured. We'll be fine."
In the previous series, the Rangers trailed the Devils by three games to two before winning in seven. The Beukeboom Ejection
Beukeboom, one of six regular defensemen, was ejected at 10:06 of the first period after jumping on Momesso, who was grappling with other persons after Tikkanen's goal was waved off by a linesman because of an offsides called on Stephane Matteau. Beukeboom said Momesso had attacked Brian Leetch, his defensive partner, and he was merely coming to his teammate's aid.
"It looked like he hit him in the face with his stick or cross-checked him or something like that," Beukeboom said. "I wasn't trying to punish. I was trying to get in between them. Obviously, it wasn't the right thing to get kicked out."
Doug Lidster, Steve Larmer and Mark Messier scored for the Rangers at 3:27, 6:20 and 9:02 of the third period.
Dave Babych of Vancouver got the winning goal at 9:31, on a wrist shot from a bad left-wing angle after Bure set him with a rush and a past. Moments before, Messier's shot had hit Babych's skate on the way past goaltender Kirk McLean. It wasn't the first time he was so victimized this series. It might not even be the last.
"A lot of their goals have been going off my pads," Babych said. "I'm happy to get involved with our goals." Coaches Question Officiating
Both coaches found fault with the officiating. The referee, Andy vanHellemond, gave Courtnall five minutes for bloodying the nose of Sergei Zubov with an elbow. Quinn said it was the second time in the series the Rangers had lobbied successfully for a major penalty against his club. The other, against Bure, resulted in an ejection in Game 3 when his stick cut Jay Wells.
Keenan did not complain about Beukeboom's ejection, but said vanHellemond missed what Momesso did to Leetch and said Tikkanen's goal should have counted. He said Randy Mitton, the linesman, "blew the call."
So what does history teach about these situations? Since 1939, when the four-of-seven format was introduced, teams holding a 3-1 lead, the way the Rangers did, have gone on to win the cup 23 of 24 times. The only team not to do so was Detroit, in 1942, when it won the first three over Toronto before losing the next four. Canucks Know How to Come Back
And remember, the Canucks, down by 3-1 to the Calgary Flames in the first round of these playoffs, came back to win that series with all three victories in overtime.
The Rangers contemplated this statistic while they stayed near town at a hotel overnight. The Canucks calculated their chances while they flew overnight on a chartered red-eye. Like so many tourists, they will miss the unique atmosphere of the city that never sleeps.
Trevor Linden said the hullabaloo "was a big motivating factor for us. The party doesn't start until we have our say."
Ronning said he found it interesting to get a police escort to the rink. "We could have just taken the bus and gotten here with no problem," he said. "They tried to make a big deal out of it."
That's for sure. Imagine if he and his mates return to New York for Game 7 on Tuesday. They ain't seen or heard nothin' yet.  STANLEY CUP FINALS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>SANDY SPECTOR went to see the medium John Edward because she wanted word from her husband, Marty, who died last month. Mrs. Spector, who attended one of Mr. Edward's group sessions here last week at the invitation of a reporter to serve as a control, received more information than she bargained for.
She was fortunate. Lately, it has been difficult to get any of Mr. Edward's time. The 30-year-old psychic, who was raised in Glen Cove, has appeared on television shows like ''Larry King Live'' and ''Entertainment Tonight.'' He has written a book, ''One Last Time.'' He is the subject of a USA network television special, ''Messages From the Dead: The John Edward Story.'' And his own television show, ''Crossing Over With John Edward'' -- a five-day-a-week series on the Sci-Fi network in which he attempts to connect audience members with their dearly departed -- made its debut last week.
''There are so many people who want to see me that the natural progression was to move from one-on-ones to the larger audience television can bring,'' he said.
At Mr. Edward's office, an anxious group of 15 women sat quietly in a mirrored room that is also a dance studio. Like his wife, Sandra, Mr. Edward also teaches dancing.
Mrs. Spector sat in the back row, watching Mr. Edward connect -- and not connect -- with some people.
Mr. Edward berated one young woman, saying, ''I refuse to believe there is no South American connection.'' He insisted the friend who accompanied her had a relative who had a farm. Her friend denied it, saying there was property that was ''like a farm,'' but she wouldn't call it a farm. ''If you're not going to cooperate,'' he yelled at her, ''I'm going to ask you to leave.'' She answered, ''Well, it did have chickens.''
Three hours into the session, Mr. Edward zeroed in on Mrs. Spector and asked: ''Who is Maurice, Morris, Marvin? I'm getting an M-A sound.'' She answered stoically, ''Marty.'' Next came rapid-fire names, initials and events. She connected with each. ''That's my father.'' ''That's my name.'' ''Yes, I was married twice.'' ''Sarah is my grandmother.'' ''Yes, my grandfather had tuberculosis.''
He asked her if she had a friend whose husband recently died. Yes. ''Did he die outside?'' Yes. ''What does the third mean?'' Marty died on June 3.
''Marty says, 'Thank you,' '' Mr. Edward told Mrs. Spector, in a moment of palpable emotion.
''I'm not here to give messages like 'I love you' or 'thank you,' '' Mr. Edward said the day before. ''I'm just here to make validations. To let these people know their loved ones crossed over, and they'll be there waiting for them.''
''Unbelievable bull,'' said James Randi, who performed magic as the Amazing Randi and has since turned to debunking psychics. He has a standing offer of $1 million for any psychic who can scientifically prove his ability. Most celebrated psychics and mediums have rejected Mr. Randi's offer. Mr. Edward said: ''I am not going to participate in a test given by a magician. I'll participate in a real research study.''
And that's just what he and several other psychics are doing. Mr. Edward is part of a group of mediums involved in a University of Arizona study conducted by Dr. Gary Schwartz, a Harvard-trained professor of psychology, medicine, physiology and psychiatry. Dr. Schwartz, who taught at Yale, is testing the survival-of-consciousness hypothesis: Does human energy live on after death?
Dr. Terry Sandbek, a clinical psychologist from Woodland, Calif., and the president of the Sacramento Skeptics Society, says the study is flawed and that mediumship is ''a complete fraud.''
''It is absolute cruelty what these mediums are doing,'' he said. ''It is all trickery. And they are preying upon vulnerable people.''
Mr. Randi goes a step further. ''These people should be arrested.''
Dr. Schwartz says it's simple: ''If mediums want to be counted, scientists should count them.''
So how do psychics know astonishing facts about people. According to Mr. Randi, mediums who do cold readings like Mr. Edward ''fish, suggest possibilities, make educated guesses and give options.''
''For every 500 non-dazzling answers,'' he added, ''there's one bombshell people remember. They will think they hear one thing, and go home and listen to a tape of the reading and find out its was something altogether different.''
For Mr. Edward, ''the gift'' first presented itself when he was 15 when he went for a reading to debunk a psychic. Instead she wowed him with facts, including one that he himself was psychic. Within two years, he said, ''I began making connections with the other side.'' But it wasn't until 1989, when his mother died, that he ''made this a personal quest.''
While some psychics complain that Mr. Edward is selling out and charging too much money ($300 for a 30-minute private session), Mr. Edward says the high-profile life on which he is embarking is a difficult one. ''People have higher expectations,'' he said.
Caroline Tamer, whose mother attended the Huntington session, said of Mr. Edward: ''He certainly has that star quality. He's different from the rest. He seems like a real Long Island kid. He speaks quickly, he's family oriented and he has a lot of attitude.''
''I'm just a regular guy,'' Mr. Edward said. ''I just happen to receive all this energy. Believe me, it's not always fun.''
The day after her session, Mr. Edward reflected on Mrs. Spector's experience. ''Most come back without a message of thanks, but Marty insisted on thanking her,'' he said. ''It was that important.''
Choking up, Mrs. Spector, said, ''Oh God, I have to be a believer.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: FOR years Christian Jussel, Garrick Stephenson and Janet Mavec discussed putting their respective East Side antiques shops under one roof. Starting today they are finally together, on the second floor of the Revlon International Building, 625 Madison Avenue (58th Street).
FOR years Christian Jussel, Garrick Stephenson and Janet Mavec discussed putting their respective East Side antiques shops under one roof. Starting today they are finally together, on the second floor of the Revlon International Building, 625 Madison Avenue (58th Street).
Mr. Jussel's gallery, Vernay & Jussel, specializes in English furniture; Mr. Stephenson carries 18th- and early-19th-century French and continental furniture and works of art, and Ms. Mavec specializes in 18th- and 19th-century English silver and jewelry.
Each dealer has a separate space and a distinctive look. Robert Currie designed Vernay & Jussel, which Mr. Jussel called ''cool and tailored.'' Kitty Hawks helped Ms. Mavec give her gallery the look of a serene living room with large Edwardian cabinets. And Mr. Stephenson designed his own shop, a labyrinth of linked spaces like an English garden.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The listing of lottery results on Tuesday misstated two winning numbers for Monday's New York Take 5 in some copies. The winning numbers were 5, 12, 35, 36 and 37; the numbers 17 and 26 were not drawn.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: A picture caption yesterday about Jewish Festival '90 misidentified the company that made the large gefilte fish shown. It was Ungar's Heimishe Gefilte Fish of Spring Valley, N.Y.
A picture caption yesterday about Jewish Festival '90 misidentified the company that made the large gefilte fish shown. It was Ungar's Heimishe Gefilte Fish of Spring Valley, N.Y.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>THE video for Beastie Boys' ''Ch-Check It Out'' -- from ''To the 5 Boroughs,'' which in June will be the trio's first album in six years -- is a rat-a-tat montage of images ripped from cheesy 70's TV shows. The group has always been fond of Sansabelt-and-sideburns nostalgia, most notably in Spike Jonze's brazenly energizing 1994 video for ''Sabotage,'' which cast the Beasties as slick gunslingers from a ''Streets of San Francisco''-style cop show. ''Sabotage'' stands as the perfect metaphor for the Beasties' style, most notably their valiant fight to keep old-style rap from sounding, well, old. The Beasties have always looked both backward and forward; they know that by recontextualizing a rerun, you can make it new.
Which is why it's so disappointing that the ''Ch-Check It Out'' video feels reran in all the wrong ways. Directed by one of the Beasties -- Adam Yauch, operating as his alter-ego Nathanial Hornblower -- the video makes a desperate grab for the uncorked vitality of ''Sabotage,'' but it doesn't hang together as a narrative, not even a Dada one.
''Ch-Check'' opens with the Beasties beaming down, ''Star Trek''-style (in the old stretch-jersey and highwater-pants uniforms, to boot), onto a deserted city street. We see them dressed as ironic versions of doctors, engineers and indistinct business guy types, wearing button-down shirts and brandishing coffee mugs. We also see them, inexplicably, as Everglades adventurers, beleaguered by alligators who snap at them. Elsewhere the Beasties appear as retro-mod versions of themselves, wearing headphones and baggy zippered jackets. A film crew follows as they strut down cracked sidewalks, past graffiti-laced buildings. This is 80's New York reinvented as a down-and-out theme park -- possibly an affectionate nod to the dirtier, more dangerous city of yore, which gave birth to hip-hop in the first place.
These streets aren't safe even for the Beasties: they're assaulted first by a blue-haired lady (she throws a fish at them) and then by a businessman (who threatens to beat them with a baguette). These characters are played by the Beasties themselves (in addition to Mr. Yauch, who raps under the name MCA, there's Adam Horovitz's Ad-Rock and Michael Diamond's Mike D), but they're clearly meant to represent duffers who disapprove of Beastieness. The raps in ''Ch-Check It Out,'' set against a latticework of angular, old-fashioned breakdance beats, whip by faster than you can process the words. But in the bits that come through, you can hear the Beasties bragging, justifiably, that they've stuck around without getting complacent. The song is exuberant and bracingly youthful-sounding. But the video is a fishy slap in the face to the old folks who still don't get it.
When you've been around, as the Beasties have, for more than 20 years, exactly who are the old folks? The Beastie Boys have survived by never standing still: with their innovative production values, proficiency on their own instruments and brain-teaser use of sampling, not to mention their snarky wordplay, they've rooted out infinite variations on old-school hip-hop.
So what's with the dangerous baguette-play? If the Beasties have to worry about anything, it's not the disapproval of old folks, but the lack of interest of younger hip-hop fans. The sight of the Beasties in glued-on mustaches and helmet hair looks retrograde in 2004. And their insolent image isn't one that ages particularly well. Sneering at the camera, defending yourselves against grown-ups. Even when those tropes are trotted out with punky wit, as they are here, they're still frazzled around the edges, particularly coming from artists who are just around the bend from middle age. Frenetic and disorganized, the video for ''Ch-Check It Out'' shows the Beastie Boys moving as fast as they can but going nowhere at all.
Beastie Boys, 'Ch-Check It Out'  Directed by Nathanial Hornblower
MUSIC: MUSIC VIDEO<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>An article on Sept. 24 about new attractions in eight European cities gave an incorrect spelling and telephone number for a restaurant in Brussels. A reader's letter received on Oct. 30 points out that the name is Aglio y Olio; the number  is (322) 513-4276.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A Nation at War, a daily separate section, begins on Page B1. Complete metropolitan and sports reports share a section. By flipping over The Metro Section, bottom-side up, readers will find the sports pages, starting with S1.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>APPLE SOUTH INC., Madison, Ga., a restaurant company, said it planned to acquire the closely held Canyon Cafes Inc., Dallas, for $42 million in cash, stock and assumed debt.
GLOBAL ONE DISTRIBUTION AND MERCHANDISING CORP., Bell, Calif., agreed to acquire 20 percent of 2d Interactive Inc., Boston, an interactive media company, for undisclosed terms.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Chaim Shaulson runs a gossipy Yiddish- and Hebrew-language newspaper in Brooklyn. Some readers say it is a Hasidic answer to The National Enquirer, with sensational headlines, salacious cartoons and juicy tidbits about wives' cheating on their husbands.
Chaim Shaulson runs a gossipy Yiddish- and Hebrew-language newspaper in Brooklyn. Some readers say it is a Hasidic answer to The National Enquirer, with sensational headlines, salacious cartoons and juicy tidbits about wives' cheating on their husbands.
Week after week, the newspaper - Panim Chadashot, or New Face - blasts Rabbi Moses Teitelbaum, spiritual leader of the Satmar sect.
This week, the authorities said, Mr. Shaulson went too far - not in print, but in a closed-door meeting with Rabbi Teitelbaum's secretary, Rabbi Moshe Friedman. Mr. Shaulson was arrested on Tuesday on extortion charges after, law-enforcement officials said, he demanded $50,000 to stop printing nasty stories about the rabbi.
Mr. Shaulson was arraigned yesterday in Criminal Court in Brooklyn. Judge Stephen Rooney released him on his own recognizance but ordered him to hand over his passport after an assistant district attorney, Julie Shemitz, argued that Mr. Shaulson might try to escape prosecution by leaving the country. Mr. Shaulson had lived in Israel before moving to the Borough Park section several years ago.
The authorities said that when Mr. Shaulson demanded an appointment with Rabbi Friedman, he proposed an unusual kind of checkbook journalism: in return for money, there would be no more lurid headlines about the rabbi, no more cartoon caricatures and no more diatribes. The officials said Rabbi Friedman called the District Attorney's office and agreed to meet with Mr. Shaulson while Yiddish-speaking investigators waited outside.
Down Payment of $1,000
Rabbi Friedman gave Mr. Shaulson $1,000 as a down payment, officials said, and signed a contract with Mr. Shaulson that the negative stories would cease. Detectives arrested Mr. Shaulson moments later, as he left Rabbi Friedman's apartment in the Williamsburg section.
''This was a shakedown,'' said a law-enforcement official who spoke on the condition of anonymity, adding that the money was to be paid in weekly installments of $1,500 for an indefinite period. The official said Mr. Shaulson did not have a specific article in the works that he wanted money to withhold.
Mr. Shaulson's version of the meeting contradicts the authorities' account on almost every major point except the amount of money in question. To begin with, Mr. Shaulson contends that the payments were Rabbi Friedman's idea.
To outsiders who picture the Hasidim as a closed society that observes strict rituals and traditions, the sensational journalism that Hasidim say was Mr. Shaulson's trademark seems out of place.
'Dancing in the Streets'
''It's much worse than yellow journalism,'' said Rabbi Chaim Stauber, a protege of Rabbi Teitelbaum. ''He stopped short of nothing. There was absolutely no moral code, no holds barred.''
David Friedman, a reporter for Der Yid, a Yiddish-language newspaper that he said had a circulation of 32,000, said there was ''dancing in the streets'' when residents in Williamsburg learned of Mr. Shaulson's arrest.
Mr. Shaulson maintains that his meeting with Rabbi Friedman was after the rabbi, through an intermediary, had invited him to talk about ''public relations'' money. Mr. Shaulson defined that as money he took from groups that wanted him to run positive articles about their fund-raising dinners, construction campaigns and charitable projects.
Mr. Shaulson was adamant that the intermediary had proposed the weekly payments and that when Rabbi Friedman proposed signing an agreement, Mr. Shaulson suggested waiting until both sides could find lawyers to work out the details. But, he added, the rabbi insisted on his signing a document then and there.
Mr. Shalson said he would not have let up on Rabbi Teitelbaum once he was cashing the weekly checks from Rabbi Friedman.
'They're All Against Me'
''I tell him two times I will write everything,'' Mr. Shaulson said. ''I will keep everything in the paper the same. He says, 'Yeah, it's O.K..' Because I write the truth of what's going on in this community, they're all against me.''
Several Satmar leaders said Mr. Shaulson had demanded money from other Hasidic groups by approaching the leaders and promising to stop printing negative things about them in exchange for cash. Mr. Friedman and other Hasidim in Williamsburg said one smaller sect recently gave Mr. Shaulson $10,000 to insure that they would not be portrayed in a bad light.
''This was a form of vengeance,'' Rabbi Stauber said. ''Sometimes people would supply misinformation deliberately. This man was the ultimate receptacle for people seeking to get even. He stopped short of nothing to sell a couple of papers and make a few bucks.''
Some readers said Mr. Shaulson often did stop short of naming his targets. But in the tightly knit Hasidic communities of Brooklyn, people knew whom he was referring to, with or without their names.
Other readers said they had found nothing funny about the cartoons. In a recent issue, the 86-year-old Rabbi Teitelbaum was shown splashing about, with his white beard and long black overcoat, in a swimming pool. That was apparently a reference to his home in Florida, where Hasidim say he spends time in the winter.
''He's an old man,'' a follow of Rabbi Teitelbaum said in Williamsburg. ''He needs warmer weather. So he takes a working vacation when it's cold. What's so funny about that?'' Mr. Shaulson, of 1767 50th Street, was apparently a target of a kidnapping attempt last year. But another man, a computer technician who was accosted as he emerged from Mr. Shaulson's home, was abducted in a case of mistaken identity. At the time, Mr. Shaulson, 37 years old, described himself as a Hasid who was not a member of any of the sects that are part of the rigorously Orthodox Hasidic movement.
Order of Interdiction
Mr. Stauber said that Mr. Shaulson had published newspapers in Israel but that since moving to to Borough Park, 135 Hasidic rabbis had signed an interdiction against him, ordering Hasidim not to subscribe or take ing out advertisements.
Still, Mr. Shaulson met his deadline week after week, working as a typesetter and deliverer and distributing most copies by hand. Mr. Shaulson put Panim Chadashort's circulation at 2,500 copies a week.
This week Mr. Shaulson found himself in the uncomfortable position of being scooped on his own story. But he has big plans to tell his side in the issue next week, fearless as always.
''I will write the whole story,'' he said. ''It's a big sin, what they're doing.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A picture caption in The Arts on Tuesday with the continuation of an article about a legendary piano at Columbia University's College of Physicians and Surgeons misspelled the surname of the medical student shown playing it. The error was repeated in a summary of an online audio slide show. He is Michael Whalen, not Whelan.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD:
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3* Premdor Inc
Year to Dec 31
1988
1987
Sales
150,376,000
139,567,000
Net inc
3,358,000
b6,018,000
Share earns
.37
.65
b-After a special gain of $215,000.
Results are in Canadian dollars.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3* Premdor Inc
Year to Dec 31
1988
1987
Sales
150,376,000
139,567,000
Net inc
3,358,000
b6,018,000
Share earns
.37
.65
b-After a special gain of $215,000.
Results are in Canadian dollars.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Filipinos vote on Monday in the five provinces of the Autonomous Region of Muslim Mindanao, as officials fear a new outbreak of fighting.
More than 6,000 government troops patrolled the roads and defended major positions on the island province of Jolo, where supporters of the departing governor, Nur Misuari, staged a revolt last week.
Mr. Misuari, a former rebel leader, opposed the election to replace him. The government supports another Muslim leader for governor.
President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo returned on Friday from a trip to the United States and Mexico with promises of several hundred million dollars in American military aid to fight Islamic and communist rebels. She confidently predicted a peaceful election after the arrest over the weekend in Malaysia of Mr. Misuari and six people traveling with him.
Urging the region's 1.2 million eligible voters to go to the polls, Mrs. Arroyo assured them, ''With Misuari gone, the return to normalcy will be very rapid.''
Filipino troops were on full alert throughout the five provinces after rebels threatened to disrupt the elections for governor and 25 other posts.  Mr. Misuari refused to run for re-election, saying the government had rigged it to bring about a victory for a rival leader, Parouk Hussin.
The revolt by Mr. Misuari represented a major setback in what had once seemed an important step toward bringing the often rebellious Muslim minority into the national framework.
Mr. Misuari, an honorary chairman of the Moro National Liberation Front, the largest Muslim group, agreed five years ago to integrate his forces with those of the government while easily winning election as the regional governor.
But he accused the government of failing to keep its promises for autonomy for Muslim residents in the five provinces in the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao and in eight other provinces in the southern Philippines. In an agreement signed in  Libya in 1976, the Philippine government agreed to work toward Muslim autonomy for all 13 provinces.
Philippine officials said they would charge Mr. Misuari with inciting rebellion, but Mrs. Arroyo seemed in no hurry to have him back in the Philippines, where he might rally forces behind him while in jail and on trial.
''Personally, I want him to stay in a Malaysian jail,'' she said. ''I'll be very comfortable if Malaysia deals with him first.''
Malaysian officials, fearful of how Mr. Misuari's presence might affect own predominantly Muslim country, seemed equally eager to send him back here.
Mr. Misuari and six others were captured early Saturday on an island off the eastern Malaysian state of Sabah. Mr. Misuari had fled by boat from Jolo.
''If he is kept in Malaysia, we will be accused of harboring him or even meddling in the internal affairs of the Philippines,'' said Abdullah Ahmad Badawi, the Malaysian home minister and the top law enforcement official. ''The Philippine government wants him. We will send him back.''
For Mrs. Arroyo, one dividend of Mr. Misuari's revolt and arrest has been confirmation of the strong relationship between the Philippines and Malaysia.
The Malaysian prime minister,  Mahathir Mohamad, flatly rejected a request for asylum from Mr. Misuari, who has often traveled to the Malaysian capital, Kuala Lumpur. Mr. Mahathir said he agreed with the view of the authorities here that Mr. Misuari had neglected his duties as governor.
Mr. Misuari and his allies ''were seldom in the southern Philippines,'' said Mr. Mahathir. Because ''not much had been done for the benefit of the people,'' he added, ''we no longer feel responsible to provide him any assistance.''
Many influential Filipinos agreed with that assessment of Mr. Misuari's record as governor.
''He's like so many revolutionaries who are good at conspiracy and guerrilla warfare,'' said Francisco Sionil Jose, the author of about 20 novels and essay collections about Philippine life. ''That doesn't work when you have to run a governing structure. What you need are administrators.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Mount St. Michael of the Bronx, with Ron Hussey winning two events, took its first Catholic High Schools Athletic Association boys' indoor team title in six years yesterday. Holy Trinity of Hicksville, N.Y., won its first girls' championship.
The Mounties had 49 points, followed by Fordham Prep with 27, the highest standing for Fordham Prep in this meet. Hussey was first in the 55 meters (6.48 seconds) and the 300 (34.53). Mount St. Michael's only other individual winner was Gary Peters in the triple jump (44 feet 6 inches).
Charles Millioen of St. Anthony's in South Huntington, N.Y., was a double winner, setting a meet record in the 3,200 (9:15.27) and placing first in the 1,600 (4:24.22). But the best individual performance was turned in by the Bishop Loughlin senior Corey Thomas, who captured the 1,000 in a meet-record 2:28.64 and had an 800 split of 1:56.1 on the third leg of the winning 3,200-meter relay team (7:57.5), which ran under 8 minutes for the seventh time this season.
In the girls' competition, Holy Trinity had five individual winners who contributed to its winning total of 54 points. Sacred Heart of Hempstead, N.Y., was runner-up with 33.
Marina Liander, a junior at Staten Island's Notre Dame, had an outstanding series in the shot-put, setting a meet record of 41 feet 6 inches. Kate Lawson of Sacred Heart was the girls' only double individual winner. She won the 55-meter hurdles in 8.82 seconds and the triple jump at 34-3.
William J. Miller
PLUS: HIGH SCHOOL TRACK<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Investors snapped up $2 billion in bonds yesterday to finance an extension of the No. 7 subway line to the Far West Side, according to city officials. An official said $1.35 billion of the proceeds will go to subway construction. The rest will be used to buy property for the project and for other aspects of West Side development. The Metropolitan Transportation Authority will build the 1.1-mile extension from Times Square to 11th Avenue and 34th Street.
WILLIAM NEUMAN<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>An article on Wednesday about a United States request that China press North Korea to end its nuclear program omitted credit for the first report that President Bush had sent two envoys to Asia with evidence linking North Korea to traces of plutonium on the outside of a cask found in Libya. It was by The Washington Post.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>China said today that it was searching for its own reincarnation of the second holiest lama in Tibet to set up a rival to the six-year-old boy chosen by Tibet's exiled leader, the Dalai Lama.
Chinese officials said monks gathered in Beijing were expected to identify the boy in an ancient rite this week. "The Dalai Lama's arbitrary selection of a soul boy as the reincarnation of the Panchen Lama is null and void," said the Foreign Ministry spokesman, Shen Guofang, referring to the Dalai Lama's announcement last May.
Last week, Tibet's government-in-exile in Dharamsala, India, accused China of summoning 75 senior Tibetan lamas to Beijing and forcing them to come up with a rival candidate to the Dalai Lama's.
Chinese officials with access to the meeting said the lamas were expected to  make the final selection of the reincarnation this week.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Bud Harrelson insisted yesterday that he just wanted to get started. If the Mets could win just one game, they could win a dozen. They could make people forget about their 10-game losing streak. He wanted to manage last night, manage the rest of this season, manage next season in New York.
But the bad luck would not go away. It was raining hard at Shea Stadium, so the game against the St. Louis Cardinals was postponed and became a part of a twilight-night doubleheader today.
Hubie Brooks, Harrelson's starting outfielder, was placed on the 15-day disabled list with a possible pinched nerve in the neck. And the reporters crowded into Harrelson's office were demanding to know, with some incredulity, whether the Mets' manager really believed he would have the same job description next season.
Harrelson never flinched. Feeling Secure
"I don't feel the decision has been made," Harrelson said. "I figure if you want to get rid of somebody, you just let 'em go.
"I feel a lot more secure than I did a week ago, and that was seven losses ago. I don't feel excluded. I feel included. I've had no indication from the organization that things will be any different next season, other than a few player moves."
Harrelson met with General Manager Frank Cashen again yesterday, to discuss Brooks' injury and the decision to recall 25-year-old third baseman Chris Donnels from Tidewater.
"The meeting was relaxed," Harrelson said. "There could be a lot more tension. I don't feel like the losing has been left all up to me. There's body language that tells me that."
If Cashen or anybody in the Mets' organization wanted to begin next season now, in August, they had not told Harrelson. The manager said he had no intention of experimenting with his players at this time. He would play to win. Howard Johnson and Gregg Jefferies would not be moved to the outfield, even in Brooks' absence.
"Howard would be the easiest guy to move there, athletically," Harrelson said. "But it wouldn't be fair. You don't want to make any move until spring training, maybe after instructional league. It would not be a foolish move, but it's not practical." Best Man for the Job
So Harrelson said he would give Mark Carreon and Mackey Sasser more time in the outfield. Last night, before the rainout, Sasser was slotted for right field.
Harrelson said there would be more lineups like these. The players best trained for their roles would play those positions. There was still hope for a pennant race, and redemption.
"I'm thinking about next year, but I'm not disregarding this year," Harrelson said. "I want to concentrate on getting this ball team back on track."
Before Harrelson's informal conference, Cashen had given a radio interview on WFAN in which he said the same thing as Harrelson. Cashen said, again, that Harrelson was his manager for now. He hedged again about next season, but he pointed out that even his own tenure as chief decision-maker was not indefinite. He spoke once more about stepping aside, on the organization chart, as early as 1992.
That could be too late for Harrelson, who faced reporters yesterday with the rain swirling outside and the determination to stick things out. There were no other career options in his life except baseball, he said. He remembered how it was after he retired as a player, and was an unenthusiastic executive for a collection agency. Thoughts on Business
"I hated business," he said. "I rode the train to the city for six months. What was there to like?"
But Harrelson had as little control over his own destiny as he had over the weather outside.
"The deal is their option," Harrelson said, of the Mets' front office. "They either exercise it or they don't."
He looked up. The reporters were quiet.
"It's like a funeral in here," he said. INSIDE PITCH
HUBIE BROOKS, who had been slumping since the All-Star Game break, was placed on the disabled list after doctors examined him yesterday morning and gave him a magnetic resonance imaging exam. Brooks said the mysterious pain had been troubling him for about four weeks. "Over this weekend, I could sleep at night," Brooks said. "It hurts when I swing, when I throw, when I do anything. I think it's the reason for the slump." BUD HARRELSON expressed some relief over the discovery. "At least now, we have an explanation for his batting problems," Harrelson said. Brooks was batting .238, with 16 home runs and 50 run batted in.
CHRIS DONNELS was hitting .300 in 83 games at Tidewater, with 8 home runs and 55 runs batted in. He was 4 for 17 (.235) in his stint with the Mets earlier this season. Harrelson indicated Donnels could play some second or first base in addition to third.
BASEBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The military ruler who seized control in January strengthened his grip today  when he was declared the winner in a presidential election that the opposition said was tainted. The officer, Gen. Ibrahim Mainassara, immediately banned opposition parties and public meetings.
Soldiers lobbed tear gas into crowds of stone-throwing demonstrators protesting election results But Boubacar Sidikou, an opposition party member, said, "we're going to march and hold meetings in spite of the ban."
On Monday General Mainassara dissolved the electoral commission, accusing it of releasing fraudulent results from the vote, which was held on Sunday. Within  hours he appointed a new commission, which today declared him the winner.
The commission said General Mainassara received 52 percent of the vote. Mahamane Ousmane, who was ousted by General Mainassara in January, got 20 percent.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>An article on Oct. 12 about the history of gangs in New York City incorrectly stated the views of Prof. David Brotherton of John Jay College of Criminal Justice, an expert on gangs. Mr. Brotherton said that the street organizations currently dominant in the city, including the Latin Kings, Netas, and Zulu Nation, do not engage in territorial struggles.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3*Sensormatic Electronics Corp.(SRM,N)
Qtr to Dec 31
1994
1993
Revenue
217,827,000
159,869,000
Net inc
25,290,000
18,822,000
Share earns
.36
.31
Shares outst
70,410,000
61,070,000
6mo rev
408,709,000
303,153,000
Net inc
45,381,000
33,628,000
Share earns
.65
.55
Shares outst
70,139,000
60,671,000<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A new one for the annals of neighborhood diplomacy: Among the dog people, the squirrel people and the people people who have been fighting over Madison Square Park for years, a wary truce has been crafted.
After many meetings -- among community board members, city parks officials, the 23d Street Association, Councilman Thomas Duane and contentious neighbors -- a fenced dog run was installed last month.  Last week, park workers fenced the center oval and began reseeding the tattered lawn.
And soon, a fence will go around what some call the squirrel tree, a twisted dead trunk favored by the park's bushy-tailed set.
"We're trying to make the park user-friendly, for animals as well as people," said City Parks Commissioner Henry Stern. "There should be a place for dogs to run free, but not the center of the park. Before, they ran wild in packs like wolves, terrifying people, out of control. Now it's going to be really nice." As for the squirrels and dogs, he said, "We want them to live happily, but not together."
Despite the agreement, resentment still runs high.
"Dog owners seem to think they have more rights than average citizens," said Sharon Cacioppo, whose described herself as one of "the moms from P.S. 16 who were really fed up." She said: "I've had dog owners tell me to get out of their park. They let their dogs drink out of the children's drinking fountains. Some teach their dogs to chase the squirrels -- it's disgusting -- and dogs have chased and bitten people."
She waxed caustic. "The dog people caused $3 million of damage to the park, and as their punishment they're getting their own area?" she said.
Dogs still run free in the park, she said. "I want this war to be over, but it's a pretty shaky truce right now."
On behalf of the dog owners, Marissa Bridge, chairwoman of the Friends of Madison Park, said: "The community board was very devious -- we were promised much more space in the original map."
William Lukashok, the board's parks chairman, said the dog run conforms with the agreement.
Dwight Miles, who has been coming to the park for 30 years to feed pistachios to the squirrels , looked forward to an end to tensions. "We've had such a battle over the years," he said. "Don't get me wrong, I love dogs too."
But, he added, "The dogs should be trained to leave the poor squirrels alone. Squirrels have a right to be here. Their home is in the trees." B.L.  NEIGHBORHOOD REPORT: MADISON SQUARE<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>November's last dinner and December's first, a densely spiced curried lamb with yogurt, would normally invite a cold lager beer, but two untasted Castello di Borghese reds beckoned more persuasively.
First, because reds become increasingly a comfort food as the calendar winds down. And, second, because watching Marco Borghese's wine style acquire definition as he moves away from his property's former Hargrave Vineyard tendencies is an interesting exercise.
Inexperienced in the wine business, the new owner, on assuming responsibility for the local wine industry's founding estate, imposed a burden on himself to succeed, fast, on its own terms -- no easy chore.
Castello di Borghese is not a shy pricer. Its 1999 cabernet sauvignon reserve is $30. The 2000 Meritage Red Table Wine is $45. Both reds are ready for immediate drinking.
Dark, somber and with an herbal bouquet, the cabernet sauvignon had what critics like to call good varietal definition, which means the wine tastes exactly the way it is supposed to taste.
The cabernet, almost sweet in the bouquet, is mouth-filling and offers softening tannins, the aroma of pencil shavings, beetlike flourishes, a pleasing oakiness and a long finish.
The word meritage, an American coinage, denotes a wine blended along Bordeaux lines. The 2000 is 65 percent cabernet sauvignon, 25 merlot and 10 percent cabernet franc. The wine, virtually sweet, has a pretty bouquet, a toasty oak background and flavoring and hints of anise and cinnamon. It's a big, soft, friendly, easy-drinking partner for lamb.
Both reds are not low in alcohol: each was 12.5 percent, a half-point above the norm. Which raises a drinking-and-driving issue.
When the holiday season's convivial spirits generate visits to tasting rooms for wide-ranging sampling and buying, in wine country the New York State Police's road-safety surveillance sharpens. Troopers want visitors to have designated drivers.
The State Police have published a printed reminder, being circulated by North and South Fork wineries and the New York Wine and Grape Foundation, that a driver with 0.08 percent blood alcohol content is legally drunk and at 0.05 percent is legally impaired.
The brochure says: ''A typical wine tasting pour consists of 1-2 ounces of wine. If you sample several wines at each winery and visit several wineries in succession, your ability to drive a motor vehicle may become impaired.''
The foundation, based in the Finger Lakes, said that next spring a revamped designated-driver program involving free grape juice is to be introduced.
HOWARD G. GOLDBERG
LONG ISLAND VINES<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>North Korea's new offer to allow greater access to its nuclear sites restricts international inspectors at the two most critical installations, leaving the Clinton Administration divided over how to respond, Administration officials said today.
The Administration has scheduled a Cabinet-level "principals" meeting for Monday to try to fashion a response, officials said.
After careful examination of the North Korean offer, American specialists today disclosed details of the plan, saying it contained serious deficiencies.
In particular, they said, the North Koreans have not agreed that international monitors could inspect the two most sensitive installations at Yongbyon: their nuclear reactor and their nuclear reprocessing plant, which can be used to separate plutonium for a nuclear bomb. South Korea Criticizes Plan
In another sign that the issue is far from solved, South Korea today publicly criticized the plan as inadequate.
"The North Korean reply looks insufficient but is something we need to examine," said Han Sung Joo, South Korea's Minister of Foreign Affairs.
As Clinton Administration officials debated the proposal, President Clinton stuck to broad themes about his effort to persuade Pyongyang to abandon its nuclear program.
"We tried to be very firm but also hold out the hand of possible cooperation," Clinton said in interviews with radio stations in Denver and Albuquerque. "They need to come join the rest of us. They need to reconcile with the South, and I want to help them."
But his Administration now faces a critical decision: whether to reject the proposal as inadequate, make a counterproposal or accept much of it as the best Washington can do in a crisis that has raised fears of a renewed conflict on the Korean peninsula.
The North Korean offer was presented on Friday in a meeting in New York with Tom Hubbard, a Deputy Assistant Secretary of State. Proposal Is Outlined
Administration spokesmen declined to discuss the confidential plan, but officials familiar with it say it would work as follows:
*The International Atomic Energy Agency would have unlimited access to five of seven officially disclosed nuclear installations. But these are relatively minor sites.
*The agency would not be allowed to inspect the nuclear reactor or reprocessing plant, but it would be allowed to replace the film and batteries in cameras there. The agency in the past has rejected that as insufficient.
*North Korea said it was willing to negotiate with the agency over greater access to the reactor and reprocessing sites but did not offer anything specific.
In putting forth their offer, the North Koreans not only set limits on the access of inspectors but also specified a series of diplomatic steps to be taken by the United States, South Korea, North Korea and the atomic energy agency. The details of this formula also concern Administration officials. Two Announcements
The diplomatic process outlined by North Korea is choreographed precisely.
The arrival of international inspectors at installations is linked with two announcements. The United States and South Korea are to announce jointly the cancellation of the Team Spirit military exercise, which is a rehearsal of American efforts to reinforce the defense of South Korea.
Meanwhile, the United States and North Korea are to set a day jointly for a new round of high-level discussions of broader economic and diplomatic relations, including the possibility of diplomatic recognition of Pyongyang.
After these announcements, North Korea will take steps to exchange envoys with South Korea. But it is not clear when and if that would take place since the countries already have been discussing the issue for months.
Additionally, the North Korean plan says that productive "working level" talks with South Korea can occur only as long as Seoul shows its "sincere" attitude by canceling what North Korea calls nuclear war exercises. This appears to be a reference to several military exercises that are carried out in addition to Team Spirit to maintain the readiness of American and South Korean forces. Stop 'International Pressure'
Another condition is that Seoul stop "international pressure efforts." The proposal does not say exactly what this means. One interpretation is that it is a demand that other countries drop threats to impose economic sanctions on North Korea if does not abandon its nuclear program.
American experts say that on the positive side, the proposal covers all seven of North Korea's officially disclosed nuclear sites and holds out the possibility that North Korea will negotiate access for inspectors to its most critical ones.
But the drawback is that it is highly unlikely that the atomic energy agency can accept restricted access to North Korea's most critical nuclear sites. The North Korean discussion of the exchange of envoys with South Korea is also extremely vague, American officials said. The United States has insisted that North Korea agree to the exchange of envoys with South Korea as a condition for holding higher-level talks.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To rock or not to rock? That was the question raised by Fountains of Wayne on Tuesday night at the Bowery Ballroom. This New York group answered positively in songs that merrily ransacked the memory of a generation raised on scruffy guys playing guitars. But it did so with a wink, since shrewd bands like this one know that rock heroics are as gloriously dumb as they are seductive.
The singer and guitarist Chris Collingswood and the bassist Adam Schlesinger write the songs that distinguish Fountains of Wayne from other hit seekers. They specialize in slices of Eastern Seaboard life fleshed out in radio-friendly sing-alongs. ''Utopia Parkway,'' the title track of the band's new Atlantic Records release, reveals the dreams of a rock dude growing older in a cover band, while ''Denise'' is a furtive love ode to a Lexus-driving travel agent.
The details sparkle in these songs, not only because they're amusing, but because they deepen them beyond parody as well. Musical nods to earlier pop savants like Billy Joel and the Knack add another dimension. Those echoes form the buried soundtrack that gives inspiration to the suburban strivers of these pop vignettes.
Mr. Collingswood struck a droll pose throughout, jovially tussling with the guitarist Jody Porter over whether they should let loose and indulge in some guitar-god theatrics. The singer gently mocked Semisonic, whose modern-rock hit ''Closing Time'' resembles a Fountains song without the sarcastic edge. He also did a spot-on imitation of Liam Gallagher from Oasis singing ''Wonderwall.'' ''I love that song,'' Mr. Collingswood said of this worldwide smash, conceding that grandiose gestures sometimes touch even a smarty-pants like himself.
What rescues Fountains of Wayne from drowning in its own cleverness is a genuine affection for rock-and-roll and the people who revel in it. Mr. Porter embodied that heart in concert, shooting off flashy riffs, quoting cliches from other guitarists, and continuing to play even when a friend presented him with a birthday cake. His attempt to get Mr. Collingswood to play some good-time cover tunes was a routine they'd worked before. But it still proved endearing, partly because when the players did launch into snippets of old ZZ Top and Knack hits, they all had so much fun.
POP REVIEW<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Space agency officials, emerging from a thorough, five-hour review of mission preparations, expressed confidence today that the shuttle Discovery would be ready for launching Thursday morning.
Space agency officials, emerging from a thorough, five-hour review of mission preparations, expressed confidence today that the shuttle Discovery would be ready for launching Thursday morning.
But two equipment flaws sent managers and engineers into a flurry of troubleshooting analysis tonight.
One problem was on the shuttle itself, but it was not considered serious.
The other was found on a rocket in a factory that is identical with a rocket to be used to boost a communications satellite from the shuttle to higher orbit. Reassurances on Flaw
Managers of the rocket's development said there was no reason to suspect that the flaw, a one-fourth-inch cut in a sealing ring, also existed in the rocket on the shuttle. Engineers were trying to determine if the problem, should it exist on the flight model, might jeopardize the success of the satellite deployment.
In any event, they said any similar flaw in the rocket posed no danger to the astronauts and the shuttle itself. The rocket will not be fired until the satellite has been released from the cargo bay and is a safe distance away from the shuttle.
Capt. Robert L. Crippen of the Navy, the man who will make the final decision on launching the Discovery, said he would reassess the two problems at a full management meeting Wednesday.
At a news conference, Captain Crippen, deputy director of the shuttle program, said: ''At this point in time, we have a couple of things to look at. In general, the whole picture is very good for going flying day after tomorrow.''
The countdown was continuing, with only brief interruptions because of lightning alerts, and all other preparations were said to be moving smoothly for a scheduled liftoff at 9:59 A.M. Thursday. The planned four-day mission will be a test of the redesigned shuttles and will deploy the Tracking and Data Relay Satellite for use in communications with the shuttles and other spacecraft.
Timothy R. Bollo, manager of prelaunching preparations of Discovery at the Kennedy Space Center, said launching crews fell behind about three hours because the pad had to be cleared in the lightning alerts. They were not allowed to load fuel under those conditions. He said there was still ample time in the countdown to make up the lost time.
''So far, so good,'' Mr. Bollo said. ''We have no real technical concerns with Discovery.''
The concern over the two equipment problems reflected the conservatism of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration as it approaches the return to space of American astronauts for the first time since the Challenger disaster in January 1986. The 21-member mission management team, headed by Captain Crippen, that met today to review countdown progress was created as a result of the accident to tighten control on decision making. Scratch on Rocket Nozzle
One of the problems reported to the team was a scratch on the coating of a steering rocket nozzle in the nose of the Discovery. The steering rocket, part of the reaction control system, is one of several used in manuevering the shuttle in orbit. The particular jet is a back-up rocket.
''It is nothing that will constrain us from flying,'' Captain Crippen said.
However, engineers and flight controllers were told to examine how operations of the shuttle might have to be modified for certain maneuvers that might require the particular steering rocket. At this time, they said, there was no reason to think the rocket could not be used, if necessary.
The other concern, over the booster rocket for the satellite, was sending engineers on a search of records of all anomalies reported on its installation into the shuttle. The rocket, called an inertial upper stage, is a solid-fuel booster, developed by the Air Force specifically to boost payloads deployed from the shuttle. It weighs 32,000 pounds, is 17 feet long, and 9.5 feet in diameter. The rocket was assembled by the Boeing Aerospace Company. The motor within the rocket, which contains the suspect seal, is built by Chemical Systems Division of United Technologies Corporation in Sacramento, Calif. Small Cut in an O Ring
That was where the problem was discovered. The inertial upper stage being produced for a satellite to be launched from a shuttle next February was found to have a small cut in an O ring, which is designed to seal the forward end of the rocket and prevent the escape of hot gases.
It was an O ring of a different size and make that was the culprit in the Challenger disaster. An O ring between segments of one of the shuttle's booster rockets failed, causing escaping exhaust to blow up the Challenger 73 seconds after liftoff.
At the news conference, Col. Dennis E. Beebe, director of the rocket for the Air Force, said there was no evidence of anything wrong with the rocket that is now packed away in the shuttle's cargo bay. He doubted that the problem would make it necessary for workers to open up the bay for an inspection. If they did have to, it would delay the mission.
Colonel Beebe said that a preliminary analysis indicated that the O ring design was ''not suspect.'' The flaw occurred, he said, when the ring was damaged while being installed.
The ''glitches'' only added to the growing excitement and tension as the time of launching drew nigh. The tempo of activity quickened at launching pad 39-B and for miles around, on the coastal causeways and at hotels and motels along the beaches, where tourists, journalists and aerospace executives gathered for what is seen as a critical test of the nation's ability to recover from the Challenger accident. One Million Expected
A carnival atmosphere was developing. Tourists in recreational vehicles camped along the rivers and estuaries, with crowds of about one million expected for launching morning. Most of the 4,000 journalists accredited to the press site at the Kennedy Space Center were on hand with portable photo labs, dish antennas and traveling bags stuffed with shuttle engineering documents and interview notes.
On T-shirts, coffee mugs and hotel signs the messages were ''Return to Flight,'' ''Back to the Future'' and ''The Dream Is Alive - Go Discovery.''
At the launching pad, where the Discovery stood in a cocoon of steel scaffolding and work platforms, hundreds of technicians and engineers prepared the main engines for fueling and inspected the cargo bay doors to make sure they were shut tight for flight. More than 2,000 workers attend the shuttle at any one time, at the pad, in the control room or at hangars and fueling stations.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD:
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3* PGI Inc. (AMEX)
Qtr to June 30
1990
1989
Revenue
2,777,000
4,812,000
Net loss
1,171,000
736,000
Shares outst
3,316,530
2,905,160
6mo rev
6,795,000
10,432,000
Net loss
2,185,000
1,208,000
Shares outst
3,316,530
2,905,160
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3* PGI Inc. (AMEX)
Qtr to June 30
1990
1989
Revenue
2,777,000
4,812,000
Net loss
1,171,000
736,000
Shares outst
3,316,530
2,905,160
6mo rev
6,795,000
10,432,000
Net loss
2,185,000
1,208,000
Shares outst
3,316,530
2,905,160<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD:  COMPANIES  Hospital Corporation of America may receive a buyout offer of $47 a share from its senior executives. The proposal is dependent on the executives' ability to secure financing and would be worth $3.3 billion. The deal, which would be subject to approval by the company's outside directors, reflects the impact of changes in Federal health-care policies on the hospital industry.
COMPANIES  Hospital Corporation of America may receive a buyout offer of $47 a share from its senior executives. The proposal is dependent on the executives' ability to secure financing and would be worth $3.3 billion. The deal, which would be subject to approval by the company's outside directors, reflects the impact of changes in Federal health-care policies on the hospital industry. Hospital Corporation is also considered a possible takeover target. [ Page D1. ] .  Zayre will sell its discount department stores to Ames Department Stores, its nearest competitor, for about $800 million. Ames will operate its 348 stores and Zayre's 388 stores using separate names for now. Zayre said it would consider using some proceeds for a buyback or a one-time dividend. [ D1. ] Public Service of New Hampshire's president resigned because of ill health. The management changes comes as the Nuclear Regulatory Commission acts to resolve the last two issues blocking the Seabrook nuclear plant's low-power test license. [ D1. ] The Government expanded its complaint that Goodyear Tire had overcharged on military contracts. The U.S. Attorney in Manhattan filed 35 new charges and said it was seeking at least an additional $91 million. In March, the Government sued Goodyear, seeking $21 million in damages and civil penalties. [ D6. ] Robert Maxwell raised his bid for Macmillan to $86.80 a share in cash, or about $2.4 billion. The offer surpasses the $85-a-share buyout bid from management and Kohlberg, Kravis. [ D17. ] Ashland Oil was indicted for violating environmental laws in the collapse of a storage tank that spilled more than 500,000 gallons of oil into the Monongahela River near Pittsburgh. [ A12. ] About 80 percent of Chevrolet's 5,000 dealers have agreed to market the company's imported cars under the Geo name. [ D5. ] Silicon Graphics is expected to announce a deal with I.B.M. to license its technology for making graphics work stations. [ D4. ] Bernard Arnault said he owned 32 percent of LVMH Louis Vuitton Moet-Hennessy. That will probably enable him to have a veto at next week's shareholder meeting about restructing. [ D4. ] Toyota Motor Credit has become the first non-government Japanese company to sell debt in the U.S. since 1978. [ D15. ] THE ECONOMY  Retail sales dropped 0.2 percent in August, the Commerce Department reported. Many economists said the small decline should not arouse any concerns about the economy. [ D1. ] The nation's industrial operating rate rose for the fifth consecutive month in August. But economists said the increase reflected the summer surge at utilities and was not inflationary. [ D4. ] The G.A.O. raised its estimate for cleaning up the savings industry by 25 percent, to at least $45 billion. The agency said the cost of closing insolvent savings associations in the Southwest was greater than anticipated, in part because little outside capital had been attracted. [ D3. ] MARKETS  Stock prices fell moderately as the Dow Jones industrial average dropped back below the 2,100 level. The Dow dropped 8.36 points, to 2,092.28, as declines on the Big Board outnumbered advances, 766 to 665. [ D6. ] Prices of Treasuries slipped in thin trading as market participants elected to take profits rather than buy more securities after the release of weaker-than-expected economic data. [ D15. ] The dollar turned mixed against most currencies as dealers continued to assess the U.S. trade situation. Gold fell $2.70 an ounce on the Comex, to $418.60. [ D12. ] Crude oil prices fell 50 cents a barrel after climbing 84 cents on Wednesday as traders took profits or hedged. [ D12. ] TODAY'S COLUMNS  The Federal budget deficit remains the great submerged issue in the Presidential campaign. Leonard Silk. Economic Scene. [ D2. ] Milton Petrie created a stir with the news that he might buy the remaining 39 percent of Petrie Stores. Market Place. [ D6. ]<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>With his future with the Jets uncertain, quarterback Vinny Testaverde said yesterday that he was considering retiring and would sit out the team's off-season workout program to give himself time to consider his options.
Testaverde, 40, made his comments after it was reported that the Jets planned to cut him after June 1, to maximize their salary cap benefits. The Jets did not confirm or deny the report, which appeared yesterday in The Daily News, but provided statements from Testaverde and Coach Herman Edwards on Testaverde's future.
''I am considering, unless something changes, bringing an end to my professional playing career,'' Testaverde said in his statement. ''In discussions with the Jets' organization, they have been very positive and supportive of me. I really appreciate the opportunity to have come back to New York, my home, and have enjoyed being part of some of the most successful and exciting years the Jets have had.''
Testaverde's six seasons with the Jets included a late-career surge that sent him to the Pro Bowl in the 1998 season after leading the Jets to the A.F.C. championship game. Despite also leading the Jets to the playoffs in the 2001 season with a 10-6 record, Testaverde lost his starting job to Chad Pennington in 2002, when the team started the season 1-4.
Since then, Pennington has solidified his role as the franchise's future and Testaverde has played only when Pennington was injured. The team has been grooming Brooks Bollinger, the third-string quarterback, to become Pennington's backup.
Testaverde is scheduled to make $1 million this season, but if the Jets cut him before June 1, he will take up $7.5 million against their salary cap because the remaining portion of his signing bonus would count. After June 1, the team can defer $4 million of the salary cap hit until 2005.
Testaverde's agent, Michael Azzarelli, said the report that the Jets had decided to release Testaverde was ''aggressive and premature.''
While Pennington was recovering from broken bones in his wrist last season, Testaverde completed 123 of 198 passes for 1,385 yards, 7 touchdowns and 2 interceptions. The Jets went 2-5 in the games he started.
His career numbers are impressive: 3,334 completions in 5,925 passing attempts for 40,943 yards, 251 touchdowns and 235 interceptions. Testaverde is one of only nine quarterbacks to surpass the 40,000-yard mark.
He has played for four teams, including Tampa Bay and Cleveland/Baltimore, but he enjoyed his best team success with the Jets, making two playoff appearances.
Testaverde was a popular player who returned to play near his hometown in Long Island. Even after his benching in 2002, he earned praise for how he continued to be a mentor to Pennington.
''Vinny is a consummate professional who represents the New York Jets and the N.F.L. in a first-class manner,'' Edwards said in his statement. ''He's thrown for over 40,000 yards and was a win away from the Super Bowl. His overall contributions to the game are a testament to his dedication, hard work and perseverance, and we support any decision he decides to make.''
While Testaverde remained supportive of Pennington, he made it clear at the end of last season that he would not hang on just to be a third-string quarterback.
''I'd rather retire than do something that I wouldn't enjoy doing, because I'm not doing it for the money anymore,'' he said in December.
Edwards has said that the Jets planned to announce some of their off-season personnel plans today, after meeting with the players earlier in the week. Most of the speculation has surrounded Testaverde, the future of receiver Wayne Chrebet after a series of concussions and some possible trades.
On the trade front, the Jets apparently have fallen out of the running for Washington cornerback Champ Bailey -- now seemingly headed for Denver in a trade for running back Clinton Portis -- and have not yet indicated if they are interested in trading for San Francisco receiver Terrell Owens.
PRO FOOTBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>One of the prefight promotional slogans for the middleweight title bout between Felix Trinidad and William Joppy was ''History in the Making.'' There may not have been history made in the ring last night at Madison Square Garden, but there is every chance that Trinidad's convincing victory over Joppy will be seen as another rousing chapter in a flourishing legend. Trinidad added the World Boxing Association championship just after midnight last night with his fifth-round technical knockout of Joppy, a stunning display of punching power in his first fight as a middleweight.
Trinidad knocked down Joppy in the first and fourth rounds and sent him to the canvas again with consecutive right hands as the fighters stood in the middle of the ring in the fifth round. Joppy wobbled to his feet but staggered across the ring. Referee Arthur Mercante Jr. stopped the fight with 35 seconds remaining in the round.
''I have never been hit like that before,'' Joppy said. ''He's a great champion. I never thought he could hit like that. I didn't think he would have that much power coming up from 154 pounds.''
For Trinidad (40-0), it was the third different weight-class title he has won in just three years. In 1999, Trinidad won the World Boxing Council welterweight title. He added the superwelterweight championship last year, then won the middleweight title in his first fight at 160 pounds.
''I always knew I was a middleweight,'' Trinidad said. ''You all saw it tonight. I am a true middleweight. I beat the best middleweight tonight and I will beat Bernard Hopkins.''
Trinidad will fight Hopkins in September in a bout to unify the middleweight titles.
''I knew I was going to knock him out,'' he added. ''I like knockouts and I look for knockouts.''
It was Joppy (32-2-1) who threw the first big punch of the fight, a chopping right hand in the first 30 seconds, and Joppy forced the action. But as the round went on, Trinidad seemed to get his feet under him more. Joppy missed a right hand and Trinidad countered with a left hook flush on Joppy's jaw. Joppy looked stunned and Trinidad followed with two good right hands.
Joppy fought back but was clearly hurt by the Trinidad assault. Trinidad chased Joppy into a corner and landed a sweeping left hook, then another. Trinidad landed a right hand and another stinging left hook that sent Joppy falling backward with 12 seconds left in the first round. Joppy was up at the count of five and held on to survive the round.
Trinidad controlled the action early in the second round but Joppy started to return more punches. Joppy was active and pressing Trinidad, but it was Trinidad who was scoring more jabs and counterpunching as Joppy's face grew red. In the third round, Joppy seemed to be fighting frantically, throwing 116 punches in the round. The action was even between the fighters, especially with Joppy scoring to Trinidad's body, but Trinidad still appeared in command and had more firepower.
Two right hands and a left hook sent Joppy tumbling backward on his back and neck with 2:03 left in the fourth round. Joppy was up right away and again held on, fighting back to survive the round.
At the start of the fifth round, Joppy was stunned early by a crisp right hand from Trinidad. Joppy was undaunted again, but near the round's end, ran into consecutive right hands that Trinidad landed on Joppy's jaw.
It was a festive atmosphere inside the Garden when Trinidad entered the ring. Thousands of fans were waving Puerto Rican flags, beating drums and shaking noisemakers in the grandstand. The crowd of 18,235 was not a sellout, but nearly so, and upon Trinidad's arrival, the Garden was filled with chants of Trinidad's nickname, Tito.
As the challenger to Joppy's championship, Trinidad entered the ring first. In a strange setting, the anthems of Puerto Rico and the United States were sung with Joppy still in his dressing room. The United States anthem was also drowned out by drumming, noisemakers and a chorus of boos.
Hasim Rahman, a friend of Joppy's from the Washington-Baltimore area, joined Joppy in the ring before the fight and held aloft one of Joppy's championship belts.
On the undercard, Chris Byrd (33-2) won the United States Boxing Association heavyweight championship with a unanimous decision over Maurice Harris, a fighter from Newark. Harris announced his retirement from boxing after the loss.
In a fight that lacked for action throughout, Byrd, the former World Boxing Organization champion, took command in the fourth round over a tiring Harris, who fell to 18-11-2.
There was one knockdown in the bout. With less than a minute left in the sixth round, Byrd decked Harris with a solid left in the stomach and a glancing left hook to the head. But while Byrd continued to press the action in succeeding rounds, he was not scoring crisply. Harris was clearly tired and occasionally wobbly, but Byrd was slowing, too. Byrd landed a series of undistinguished punches for the rest of the fight. Byrd said he expected to face the heavyweight David Tua next.
Vernon Forrest won the vacant I.B.F. welterweight championship earlier with a unanimous decision over Raul Frank. Forrest improved his record to 32-0-1 with 26 knockouts. Frank, who was the I.B.F's No. 1 contender, has a 23-4-1 record.
PUNCH LINES
In a televised interview before the Trinidad-Joppy fight, HASIM RAHMAN, the W.B.C. and I.B.F. heavyweight champion, explained his decision to sign DON KING as his new promoter, a move that has led to a series of lawsuits. ''Don King gave me the best deal,'' Rahman said. ''They won't force me just because they're threatening to take me to court. They're not the champions anymore.''
BOXING<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>RESNICK--Milton Memorial service March 12, Saturday, 1:30PM, St. Marks, 10th Street & 2nd Avenue<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A 31-year-old farmer from Yugoslavia, Mazlun Buragi, stepped off a scruffy bus onto the well-kept square here after a four-country, five-day journey, and with 50 other disheveled passengers tried to arrange a taxi for his crossing into Germany.
An ethnic Albanian from Kosovo Province, dressed in a heavy leather jacket and with a peace sign tattooed on one hand, Mr. Buragi said he was fleeing conscription by the Serbian authorities.
The farmer, one of thousands of people who pass through here from the Balkans, said he preferred not to stay in this relatively prosperous, beer-making Czech town, known in German as Pilsen, because he had better connections in Germany.
When people like Mr. Buragi arrive in Germany after July 1, they will face immediate expulsion to the Czech Republic. But the Czech Republic does not want them either.
The new, more restrictive German immigration law that is taking effect has heightened fears in the Czech Republic and in Poland, transit countries for most refugees into Germany, that they will become the dumping ground for those whom Germany refuses to accept. Hungary has also expressed anxiety about the growing number of refugees crossing its borders.
These post-Communist countries, which opened their borders in late 1989 after decades as closed societies, are now rushing to stem the flow of people.
"A lot of agreements are being signed to push the refugees back east," said Daisy Dell, the representative of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in Prague.
Last year about 450,000 people seeking asylum arrived in Germany, and the flow this year has been about 30,000 a month. Most come through the Czech Republic or Poland. About half come from the Balkans.
The Governments of the Czech Republic, Poland and Hungary say refugees returned by Germany would threaten the economic progress these countries have made as they struggle to qualify for membership in the European Community. Further, the refugees could set off ethnic unrest and tarnish the image of Eastern European countries trying to improve themselves.
"This country cannot afford to take a large number of refugees at a time when people who live here are in a somewhat insecure position," said Tomas Hajsman, the director of refugees at the Czech Interior Ministry. "The image of the state would be hurt because we can't cope with them. We have to find a solution which is realistic for this country."
The three countries are planning new restrictions on migrants from the Balkans or further east, and they are making preparations to insure that they can in turn deport refugees expelled from Germany.
[ The Czech Prime Minister, Vaclav Klaus, announced on June 24 that beginning July 1, people from six countries -- Bosnia and Herzegovina, Yugoslavia, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia and Tajikistan -- would need visas to enter the Czech Republic. Citizens of other countries with large numbers of emigrants would need to have a Czech sponsor, enough money and a return ticket. The Government also plans to send about 300 soldiers to reinforce 19 posts along its border with Slovakia. ] Ex-Partners' Porous Borders
The Czechs have been pressing Slovakia to agree to a formal border between the two countries, which until Jan. 1 made up Czechoslovakia. Only goods, not people, are checked now at customs posts.
A formal border would allow the Czechs to control the flow of people into their country. But most important, Czech officials say, it would allow them to deport people to Slovakia who had been deported by Germany to the Czech Republic.
But the Slovaks, fearful that formal border posts would push the refugee problem into their backyard, have refused so far. The Czech Interior Minister, Jan Ruml, has threatened to set up border posts anyway.
Poland agreed with Germany in May to accept refugees back into Poland. In return, Warsaw was given 120 million marks, almost $70 million, to build temporary housing for the deportees and to beef up its own border guard. Poland as 'Buffer State'
But the agreement was politically unpopular. "By signing this agreement, we admitted that Poland is a buffer state, that our sovereignty is not full," said Marian Pilka, a member of Parliament.
Since then, Warsaw has announced that it was making arrangements with neighboring countries to send the deportees back to the countries they had come from.
Similarly, the Hungarians have made agreements with Romania, Croatia, Slovenia and Austria to return refugees from those countries. Thus, refugees coming from the Balkans through Romania into Hungary -- perhaps planning to move on to Austria and then Germany -- can be returned within six or seven hours.
"We're the easternmost country from which illegal migrants try to leave -- and we're surrounded by countries in which there are strong attempts to migrate," the Hungarian Interior Minister, Peter Boross, said in a recent interview. "We have to think from the point of view of the public security situation about the pressure of migration. We're neighbors of Yugoslavia, Romania, Ukraine -- it's not the most ideal place, unlike, say, Holland."
More than 321,000 foreigners were turned back at Hungary's border in the first five months of this year on the grounds that they did not have the required hard currency (the equivalent of $15) for each day of their planned stay or that their travel documents were not in order. Battle Over Bosnians
In the Czech Republic, the experience of welcoming more than 200 former prisoners of war and their families from Bosnia has reinforced the opposition to having refugees deported from Germany stay in Czech towns.
The Czechs accepted the Bosnians as a humanitarian gesture, said Mr. Hajsman, of the Interior Ministry. But in the last few months, the gesture has begun to turn sour. There have been street fights and complaints from the towns where the Bosnians are.
"Just this morning I got a call that some of the 50 people in a center where we are housing the Bosnians started a fight with the local people in a pub," Mr. Hajsman said. "The people in the community now want a referendum on whether the Bosnians can stay.
"This gives us a lesson of what it would be like having larger numbers."<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A man discovered his 3-week-old daughter not breathing in his apartment on 12th Street in Ravenswood when he arrived home early yesterday morning after he had left the child in her mother's care, the police said. The infant, Elaijah Coleman, was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital of Queens, where she was pronounced dead, the police said, adding that the medical examiner's office would determine the cause of death. A spokeswoman for the Administration for Children's Services said the agency was investigating.
EMILY VASQUEZ (NYT)<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>HOSTAGES -- A militant group beheaded a Bulgarian hostage and threatened to execute a second. An Egyptian's captors said they would kill him unless his company pulled out of Iraq. The Philippine government said it had begun withdrawing its troops early in order to meet the demands of a Filipino truck driver's kidnappers. [Page A14]
SECURITY -- The Baghdad police detained more than 500 suspects in a crackdown on crime. Foreign Minister Hoshiyar Zebari called on NATO to begin a promised training program for Iraqi security forces. [A14]
INTELLIGENCE Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain received an advance copy of a inquiry's report on intelligence used to justify the war. In Washington, Senate Democrats characterized a document prepared for President Bush in 2002 as missing evidence of what agencies told him of Iraq's illicit weapons. [A14, 15]
THE REACH OF WAR<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The employees of Alexander's department store gathered for their farewell supper around the long narrow tables at Tony Roma's, a mile down the road from the discount store where many of them had worked since it opened in 1967. Over spareribs and potatoes, they exchanged hugs and phone numbers, and a certain grim view of the future.
There was Maureen Murphy, 41 years old and single, who had started working in the store before Christmas 25 years ago and never left. Now, she feared more than anything losing her home in Rosedale, Queens, just seven years shy of paying off the mortgage.
There was Ronald Alexander, 29, who laughed with the long-haired beauty from the camera department and wondered whether they would still be together in six months. He'd worked in Alexander's during high school, traveled to Germany with the Army, and came back to a job in the stockroom.
Alexander's has not announced when its 11 stores will close, but the death of the 65-year-old department-store chain is hurling 5,600 employees into an unwelcome job market in a field hit hard by an unforgiving recession. Impact on the Retail Industry
While talk of unemployment often focuses on the loss of factory jobs, the recession has had an even greater impact on the wholesale and retail industry. Since 1988, according to the State Labor Department, New York City and the surrounding counties have lost more than 171,000 jobs in the wholesale and retail industry, falling to 890,000 from 1,061,600.
"It's the No. 1 source of decline during the past several years," said Samuel M. Ehrenhalt, New York regional commissioner at the Federal Bureau of Labor Statistics. "We've never seen a recession take this kind of a toll in the service industry."
Retailing tends to employ a large number of workers at either end of the age spectrum. The older workers at Alexander's, many of them part timers, are too young to retire but fear no one will hire them. They are terrified of losing severance pay, pensions and other benefits they had counted on to ease them into retirement.
The young, for whom unemployment is now at its highest level in 25 years, also wonder if they will be able to find jobs, even if they try new fields, though some are excited about the challenge.
"The employees of Alexander's are going to be competing in a labor market that is very difficult for new entries," said Mitchell Moss, director of New York University's Urban Research Center. Statewide, unemployment last month was 7.9 percent. "There could be no worse time to add to the labor supply than right now," Mr. Moss said.
If they are entering a job market that is all but lifeless, the employees at Valley Stream are leaving a store that each day descends further from the tidy divisions they once tended into retail hell.
Scrawled signs announce that the third and fourth floors are closed to customers. The second floor is a grab bag of appliances scattered around the escalator. The first floor is mayhem: women's skirts and artificial flowers in the men's department, patio umbrellas in lingerie, boxes torn open and the parts of lamps and fans strewn about, stuffed animals with the eyes pulled out.
"I still can't believe that it's gone," Ms. Murphy said. "I walk through the store devastated. Customers just come in to say goodbye, not even to buy things."
When Ms. Murphy began at Alexander's, she was a high school student of 16 picking up extra cash around Christmas. Her supervisor, pleased with her work, recommended that she stay on. She never left.
She progressed swiftly at Alexander's to become manager of the women's dress department before she was 20. "It's like a family-oriented type of store," she said, and glanced at her co-workers, laughing and putting their arms around one another's shoulders at the dinner tables. "You see how it is."
A trim woman in a button-down shirt and pants, short hair brushed back in a no-nonsense cut, Ms. Murphy has so far gone on two job interviews: tense encounters relieved only by the sympathy of the recruiters. "They know the situation with Alexander's, that it wasn't your fault," she said.
Ms. Murphy and other employees began to suspect the store would go bankrupt after Christmas, when the receiving department screeched to a standstill. But they thought bankruptcy would be a gentler matter, involving the closing of a few stores or a reorganization of the company's debt. None expected the entire chain to fall. In a sense, Mr. Moss of N.Y.U. said, Alexander's was the retail equivalent of the post office, offering flexibility, opportunities to advance within the company and above all, job security.
Ms. Murphy now worries about paying her bills and making her mortgage, but she hopes to avoid taking a job in desperation. For her, strength came in what she remembers as, simply, "the call," from her older brother in Pennsylvania.
"He said everything right: 'I'm here. Whatever you need, don't worry,' " Ms. Murphy remembered. " 'Sometimes things work out for the best.' "
She is thinking of leaving the retail trade, which no longer offers the security it once did, and considers retraining for a career in medicine, an avocation until now. At the Rosedale Volunteer Ambulance Corps, she is known as Lieutenant Murphy.
"That's something I enjoy doing," she said, "and with retailing being so iffy, you want to make sure the job you take is secure enough that you don't have to worry where your next check is coming from." She does not know how long her resolve will last.
"I'm trying to have a positive attitude," Ms. Murphy said. "As long as I have my health and can get by, I leave it all in God's hands." Nearing the End Of a First Job
As a high school student from nearby Rosedale, Queens, Ronald Alexander's first job was working in the receiving room at the Valley Stream store. He stayed there two years. In his 20's, he joined the Air Force, dabbled in college and traveled. And then he returned home to Alexander's, where the same man who had hired him as a teen-ager offered him another job.
Mr. Alexander had hoped to build a career at Valley Stream, where his hourly wage rose to $6.50, from $5.25, in just the year since his return. His boss affectionately refers to him as "my son," and Mr. Alexander, who is 30, once hoped to become store director just like him.
"It's my family," Mr. Alexander said. "My first job, and I'm closing the store."
Mr. Alexander has interviewed with other retailers, like Caldor and A & S, that have come to recruit at Alexander's. He has no way of gauging his prospects.
"Out here, you got 300 people going for the same job and they're all qualified," Mr. Alexander lamented. "It's luck, really."
His sweetheart from the camera department, who did not want to be identified, seemed undisturbed by the closing. She is studying to be a pharmacist and expects to look for an internship at a pharmacy after summer school.
Mr. Alexander considers returning to school, but is ruling it out for the moment for lack of money. His real hope, he said, is to get a loan so he can open a convenience store or a liquor store between the Green Acres Shopping Mall and his home in Laurelton, Queens.
If that doesn't come through, Mr. Alexander is prepared to accept something else. His minimum requirement for a job: "I have to like it, at least a little bit." A One-Two Punch Leads to Fear
Gladys Cayea, a 15-year employee, is not given to self-pity. To beat the cancer that claimed half her stomach and left her with a lung tumor, she had to be tough. Now, she is scared.
More than the $100 she earned for 20 hours a week as a cashier, Mrs. Cayea counted on Alexander's for the medical benefits that saved her and her husband, Jack, from financial ruin during her illnesses.
In February, the retailer told employees it would no longer provide medical insurance. To continue the comprehensive coverage she had, Mrs. Cayea would have to pay $3,536 a year, nearly her entire net salary.
Now, she does not expect to find another job.
"Who's going to hire somebody that's going to be 64 years old?" she asked. "If I can manage the way I am, I'll collect unemployment and severance pay. We'll just have to make things work out."
She tries not to dwell on the tenuous road to October 1994, when she will turn 65 and become eligible for Medicare. Deep reflection brings anxiety, heart palpitations. "If I start thinking about what's going to happen, I get myself all worked up and nervous," she said. "I just take it as it comes along."
Jack Cayea served 33 months in the Army, fixing vehicles in Europe during World War II. He and Gladys married after his return and had two children. He worked as a produce manager at Bohack's until 1973, when the first of two heart bypass operations forced him to stop working at the age of 50.
There were good years. In 1964, the family moved here from Woodhaven, Queens. Two weeks each summer, they rented a cottage in Vermont.
At that time, Mr. Cayea said, he expected his retirement years to be free of these worries. "Sometimes things don't work out the way you want them to, but you have to take life the way it comes," he said. Young, Unworried And Looking Ahead
Zenia Sneed, 20, did not worry the day Alexander's announced its closing. She saw in it her escape to a new future. "I was going to leave one day, but that day wasn't coming fast enough for me," she said.
"But now it's sad," Lynette Smith broke in. Ms. Smith, 21, periodically tempered her younger friend's brazen declarations. "It'd survived the Depression, it'd been around forever."
"Yeah, on the news it said, 'Alexander's will be missed.' They made it real sad," Ms. Sneed said. "But to tell you the truth, I think people were ashamed to shop here. I'd see, whenever they'd have bags from A & S or Macy's, they'd put the Alexander's bag inside that, so it wouldn't show on the outside."
Ms. Sneed is finishing high school and hopes to collect unemployment benefits for the summer, then attend Brooklyn Technical College. She wants to be a police officer, preferably for the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, because, she says, that is the safest branch of police work.
Ms. Smith, a graduate of Springfield Gardens High School in Queens, plans to return to school for training in the health professions. She is alarmed at the job prospects ahead and has taken Civil Service exams for clerical work, though city government jobs are shrinking also.
"There's jobs out there, but it's kind of hard," she said. "It's a recession. It's not going to be easy."<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LAZARUS, Jerome (Jerry). The members, Board of Governors and staff of Pine Hollow Country Club mourn the passing of our long time member and good friend. We extend our sympathies to his wife, Constance, and his family. The Board of Governors Pine Hollow Country Club<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The Rangers signed the free agent right wing JEAN-YVES ROY, a three-time All-American and two-time finalist for the Hobey Baker Award as the nation's top college hockey player. Roy, 23 years old, scored 108 goals and assisted on 95 others in three seasons at the University of Maine. The 5-foot-10-inch, 185-pounder had 32 goals and 24 assists this season. (AP)  SPORTS PEOPLE: HOCKEY<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The Virgin Molly," by Quincy Long, is a military-service comedy with a modern twist, dealing in a capricious manner with a charge of homosexuality in the peacetime United States Marines. At the center of the play is a sweet-tempered Kentuckian whose first name happens to be Molly. That name and aspects of his behavior cause him to become the object of barracks-room derision. As the play begins (at the Atlantic Theater Company), a military investigation is under way but not exactly in progress.
With a tip of his hat to "Catch-22," Mr. Long finds comedy in contradictions, beginning with a captain who is embarrassed at having to express any kind of command. Whatever it is that he is doing, he would prefer not to be doing it.
As the play somersaults from one setup situation to another, the author overtaxes his comic mileage. "The Virgin Molly" is relatively short, but still cannot sustain its premise. It soon descends to absurdity for absurdity's sake, including a running gag in which a new recruit leaps into the barracks followed by his flying suitcase. The flight is funny the first time it occurs, but like other aspects of the play, it suffers from repetition.
What invigorates the writing is the agile company of actors, half of whom are Atlantic regulars. Robert Bella finds a freshness in Molly's naivete, even as he is forced to go through the manual of arms with a mattress substituting for a rifle. William Mesnik is all bark as the tough-talking corporal, and Don Reilly cleverly conceals a questionable character behind a leatherneck exterior.
The play is most amusing in its digressions, especially those concerning the captain (Neil Pepe), who keeps delaying his duties to tell longwinded tales that seem to circle around the subject of animal husbandry. Pigs are very much on his mind. He recalls a friend at law school who kept one as a close personal pet and then went on to become a judge in Sacramento. As the captain pities himself for his own lack of success and the fact that he is mired in the military, the corporal offers the obvious observation: he should have kept a pig.
Sarah Eckhardt has staged the play with a greater regard for the prankish comedy than for military authenticity. George Xenos's boot-camp barracks has the shape of a Quonset hut, and by the end of the play it has a life of its own, as it shakes and swells as if buffeted by an unseen tempest. As in his other comedies, the author almost raises quirkiness to an idiosyncratic art. What he needs is an idea sturdy enough to support his talent.
The Virgin Molly
By Quincy Long; directed by Sarah Eckhardt; set by George Xenos; lighting by Howard Werner; sound by David Lawson; movement consultant, Rick Sordelet; production stage manager, Matthew Silver. Presented by the Atlantic Theater Company. At 336 West 20th Street, Manhattan. Pvt. Molly Peterson . . . Robert Bella The Corporal . . . William Mesnik The Civilian . . . Todd Weeks Jones . . . Kevin Thigpen The Captain . . . Neil Pepe Harmon . . . Don Reilly<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Dozens of Lebanese Shiite guerrillas began a major attack in southern Lebanon today and fought pitched battles with Israeli soldiers and their Lebanese Christian allies.
Dozens of Lebanese Shiite guerrillas began a major attack in southern Lebanon today and fought pitched battles with Israeli soldiers and their Lebanese Christian allies.
Both sides reported artillery and rocket exchanges and said the Israelis relied on helicopter gunships to beat back the assault.
The Israelis said eight Moslem fighters were killed. A communique from the Islamic Resistance Movement, the name the Moslem fighters are operating under, said as many as 20 Israeli soldiers and South Lebanon Army militiamen had been killed.  [ In Jerusalem, a military spokesman said one member of the South Lebanon Army had been killed and three Israeli soldiers and three militiamen had been wounded. ]  The attack started early this morning on a South Lebanon Army position just north of the fortress known as Beaufort Castle, three miles from the Israeli border and within the narrow enclave in Lebanon that Israel calls a ''security zone.''
The South Lebanon Army, a 2,000-man Christian militia, is financed and supplied by Israel.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The Asian-American Legal Defense and Education Fund filed four lawsuits yesterday on behalf of six Sikh and Bangladeshi laborers who are seeking to win thousands of dollars in what they claim are unpaid wages from five construction contractors. The suits -- one filed in Federal District Court in Manhattan, two in Federal District Court in Brooklyn and one in State Supreme Court in Queens -- accuse the companies of breach of contract and violations of minimum-wage laws at construction sites, including a veterans hospital in Northport and a residential building in the Bronx.
ALAN FEUER<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>BLYN--Arthur. Hospital Audiences, Inc (HAI), mourns the passing of Arthur Blyn. A longtime Chairman of HAI's Board of Directors, his vision has brought joy into the lives of millions of shut-ins for the past three decades.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: BULB planting continues. Don't forget to mow the lawn; mowers are set to cut high, but the last cut will be shorter to about one-inch. Rake leaves off lawns and add them to compost, flower borders or vegetable patches. Dig, dry and store tender bulbs, such as caladiums and tuberous begonias, if tops have been weakened by frost.
BULB planting continues. Don't forget to mow the lawn; mowers are set to cut high, but the last cut will be shorter to about one-inch. Rake leaves off lawns and add them to compost, flower borders or vegetable patches. Dig, dry and store tender bulbs, such as caladiums and tuberous begonias, if tops have been weakened by frost.  Into the Ground
Some thoughts and suggestions on bulb planting may be helpful now.
Be practical when making planting plans and choose named varieties carefully, especially of tulips. For example, if a display of yellow and red tulips is planned, nothing can be more disheartening than seeing the tulips bloom weeks apart. Be sure the varieties chosen will bloom simultaneously.
Buy generously. Err on the side of too many bulbs and plant enough to make a show. Never plant too few. And never, never plant bulbs in one row. The flowers will look ridiculous come spring. Plant in clumps, circles or random scatterings.
When planting, don't forget to set bulbs right side up. The bottom is usually flat and the top is usually pointed. If there is any doubt, especially with smaller bulbs, plant them sideways; at least they will have a chance.
A planting suggestion. Some gardeners have great success by digging an entire bed for bulbs and adding a sprinkling of bulb food on the bottom. Work the fertilizer in with a rake, so it does not touch the bulbs directly. Then bulbs are placed on the soil and covered over with more soil, which is tamped firmly.
This sort of planting can also be done in layers with the larger bulbs set eight inches or so deep and covered over with a few inches of soil. Smaller bulbs can then be placed over them. The entire bed is covered over with soil. Sometimes this sort of planting provides wonderful spring surprises of flower color.
Several disappointments occur when planting bulbs. One in particular comes if the bulbs have dried out. This often happens with small bulbs such as those of eranthis, anemones and puschkinia. But the problem is easy to solve. Soak small bulbs in lukewarm water for about a hour just before planting. This plumps them up and encourages roots to grow after the bulbs are planted.
One thing many gardeners forget about is the after-bloom nuisance of some foliage. Remember not all bulb foliage ripens at the same time. It can linger on and on and make a nuisance of itself especially if other plants are waiting to be set out in spring.
Particularly troublesome are the floppy leaves of anemones (windflowers), some scillas and alliums and all narcissus. Tulips and hyacinths seem to be rapid in ripening their foliage. If remaining foliage is going to be troublesome next spring, don't plant the bulbs where urgent spring planting must go on.
If squirrels, skunks or chipmunks dig up bulbs, there is no sure solution, only suggestions. Tamp the soil firmly after planting; rodents are often curious to know why soil has been disturbed and they may dig it up to find out. After tamping soil lightly, water gently and cover the earth with leaves. For added insurance, place cayenne pepper or chili spices around the area to discourage foraging. Or cover the newly planted area with chicken-wire screen to keep unwanted paws out.
If all of the above fails, plant daffodils. At least, these bulbs are never dug up. The bulbs are poisonous, if ingested, and contain the toxin lycorine and related alkaloids.  QUESTIONS/ANSWERS  BLACK WALNUT
Last year I tried growing black walnut trees from nuts. Like a squirrel, I thought, I buried the nuts an inch or so deep in soil and this spring, not a single shoot. What did I do wrong? B.P., York, Pa.
Try again and place the nuts more deeply - several inches. Was the black walnut protected from rodents, especially squirrels, with a wire screen covering? Fully ripe, black walnuts can be set in the ground directly to germinate in spring. They need the cold winter period outdoors to stir the dormant embryo in the seed. Commercial production of black walnut saplings for nursery sale is usually done either by grafting established cultivars on sturdy rootstocks or by rooting cuttings.  NO DAHLIAS
This spring I purchased dahlia tubers from a reputable nursery. They produced foliage, but no flowers. I mixed topsoil, peat moss and cow manure before planting and fertilized them with a foliar feed. What was lacking in their diet? R.T., Manhattan.
Nothing. In fact, the dahlias may have been overfed. Foliage but no flowers usually indicates that the soil was too rich and the dahlia tubers were over-cared for. Also, dahlia tubers may have been dried out at point of purchase and were not in top condition when planted. Try again next year, in the same place where the soil should need no amendments. Avoid foliar feeding, at least at the start.  PATIO MOSS
We have a brick patio on the north side of the house. Moss grows there and is especially slippery in winter. How can we correct this situation? A.T., Oradell, N.J.
This is a frequent question and the solution is simple. A commercial product ''Moss & Algae Killer for Roofs, Decks and Patios'' is made by Safer, Inc. headquartered in Newton, Mass. The product is made from natural fatty-acids and is sold as a concentrate or in a ready-to-use applicator. It is available at well-stocked garden centers or some hardware stores and can be applied any time, but read and follow label directions.
Address questions to Garden News, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N. Y. 10036. Those of general interest are published.
AROUND THE GARDEN<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: The marriage of Lisa Jane Klepper, the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Rael Klepper of White Plains, to Peter Ray Tannenbaum, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Jerome Tannenbaum of Millburn, N.J., took place last evening at the Westbury Hotel in New York. Rabbi Mark L. Winer officiated. The bride is a marketing manager for A.T.&T.
The marriage of Lisa Jane Klepper, the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Rael Klepper of White Plains, to Peter Ray Tannenbaum, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Jerome Tannenbaum of Millburn, N.J., took place last evening at the Westbury Hotel in New York. Rabbi Mark L. Winer officiated. The bride is a marketing manager for A.T.&T. in Basking Ridge, N.J. Mr. Tannenbaum is the assistant to the president of Meyers-Pollock-Robbins, a New York investment firm.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Stung by accounting scandals, institutional investors in several states are pushing for greater transparency and disclosure not just from public companies, but from private equity and venture capital firms, which have long operated outside the public eye.
On Friday, the University of Texas published the financial performance of all its investments -- including venture capital funds. The disclosure came over the fierce objection of some of the venture capitalists, with whom the university signed confidentiality agreements promising not to disclose the figures.
Bob Bardt, the chief executive of the University of Texas Investment Management Company, said that the fund came under pressure from elected officials and the local media. Proponents relied on state law that requires disclosure of returns for public investments. (The University of Texas is a public university.)
He acknowledged that there were disadvantages to such disclosure. The returns from private equity investments can be misleading, he noted, typically appearing dismal for the first several years after they have been made, but then picking up as the start-up companies in which a fund has invested become profitable.
''Some of the returns for young venture partnerships look very, very bad, but they might not turn out to be so bad,'' Mr. Bardt said, echoing concerns of venture capitalists, including some who he said threatened legal action to stop the disclosure. ''These are long-term investments, and they are difficult to interpret in the short run.''
A related situation is unfolding in Massachusetts. There, the Massachusetts Pension Reserves Investment Management Board, which handles retirement funds for state teachers and employees, has received requests to disclose its private equity investment performance. The board has also received threats of legal action from venture capitalists and is pondering how to proceed, according to Mike Travaglini, the state's deputy treasurer.
In Texas, Mark G. Yudof, chancellor of the University of Texas system, said that the university's investments should be ''publicly accountable.'' He predicted that more public institutions will follow suit, particularly in light of the recent spate of accounting scandals.
Mr. Yudof said that he did not share Mr. Bardt's worry that some venture capital firms would be less willing to accept investments from the university out of fear their rates of return would be disclosed.
If that were the case, Mr. Yudof said, the university should be willing, if necessary, to invest in funds that offer a lower rate of return but that do not shy away from disclosure.
''You have public obligations,'' he said. ''If it means you have to cut your rate of return by half a percent, we have to learn to live with it.''
In its disclosure, the university investment management company -- which has $13.7 billion in assets under management, just under 12 percent of it in private equity -- reported returns that show that its venture investments indeed perform much more strongly over time.
In its General Endowment Fund, the university's 10-year rate of return from private equity was 16.21 percent; however, its one-year rate of return was a negative 17.81 percent, and the three-year rate of return was 1.54 percent.
The 125 active equity partnerships in which the university has holdings include some from major Silicon Valley venture capitalists. Foundation Capital has had a rate of return of negative 28 percent since Texas pledged money to the fund in 2001. Advanced Technology Ventures has had a rate of return of negative 33 percent since 2001.
Both those firms have invested only a small fraction of the capital committed by the university, according to Trey Thompson, managing director of the university investment management company. Neither of the venture capital firms returned calls seeking comment.
Some venture capitalists said that the move toward more disclosure would prove difficult to resist.
''I think this is an inevitable outcome for a maturing asset class,'' said David Spreng, a managing partner with Crescendo Ventures in Palo Alto, Calif. The returns on its funds, according to the Texas disclosure, ranged from 25 percent for an investment made in 1997 to negative 46 percent for an investment made in 2000.
Though Mr. Spreng said he was concerned that the data could be misinterpreted, he added that ''we're not going to fight'' the demands for disclosure.
One investment organization that is seen as a bellwether in the field, the California Public Employees' Retirement System, known as Calpers, has gone in the other direction. About eight months ago, Calpers reversed a long-time policy of disclosing the investment performance of individual private equity investments.
''The numbers weren't doing justice to us or our partners,'' said Brad Pacheco, a spokesman for Calpers. People who are not intimately familiar with the private equity industry, he added, ''don't understand the numbers and what they mean.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>This is National Agriculture Week, an annual celebration of the farmers who provided food and fiber to consumers worldwide. This year the New Jersey Agriculture Society sponsored an essay contest, asking students from the 6th grade to the 11th grade to write on this theme: ''New Jersey Agriculture -- How It Makes My Life Better.'' Here are the first-place winners, who will be honored this week at a ceremony in Trenton.
From Rich Soil, Lots of Jobs and Food
New Jersey is among the top 20 states in the commercial production of vegetables and plants. New Jersey has approximately 8,000 farms with an average of 104 acres per farm. These farms include fruit, vegetable, plant and livestock farms. I will explain each of these as follows.
All of the above are made possible by New Jersey's very rich soil. New Jersey had previously been heavily covered by forests and in fact 40 percent of New Jersey is still covered with forests. The soil was made rich by wood chips, animal waste and dead plants. Over the years, New Jersey's soil became among the richest in the region.
Vegetables and fruits are the chief produce of New Jersey. They are raised in orchards and farms throughout the state. Significant fruits and vegetables are soybeans, tomatoes, peaches, apples, potatoes, eggplants, onions, peppers, asparagus, cranberries, blueberries, strawberries and, most popular, corn. Corn is grown in several varieties, being consumed in vast quantities by both people and livestock. I have been on several trips with my family where we picked apples and peaches and my mom made homemade pies.
Livestock is important because New Jersey's large corn crop supports many farms which are livestock farms. Cows and pigs and chickens are important industries in New Jersey. Cows provide an important source of dairy products to our region. Also cows provide beef to our markets. Pigs and chickens are also important to our market. On a recent field trip to Popcorn Zoo we saw many animals that are important to New Jersey's agriculture.
New Jersey also has a large amount of farmers who specialize in growing flowers and plants. While New Jersey grows many flowers and plants outdoors, many are raised in greenhouses and nurseries throughout the state.
Jobs are my last topic and a very important one. It is easy to see why New Jersey is called the Garden State. Many of the people who live in New Jersey are employed in the state's agricultural economy. While farmers would be the obvious answer, many people have jobs because of selling all the products from the Garden State.
In conclusion, I think New Jersey agriculture is very good and profitable. When the economy is good in New Jersey, we all prosper. I think, living in New Jersey, I will never have to worry about lacking in vegetables, fruits and livestock.
Pete Guerriero
Grade Six, Memorial Middle School  Point Pleasant
Good for Economy And Environment
When you think of New Jersey, do you think of dirty factories pumping out pollutants? Or do you envision pastoral farms and peaceful cranberry bogs? Many do not realize that about two-thirds of New Jersey's land is farms and forests. The state of New Jersey stands in the front ranks of the agricultural states. Out of the whole nation, it ranks second in production of blueberries, third in cranberries and fourth in tomatoes. New Jersey also produces cabbage, lettuce, cucumbers, squash, pumpkins, melons, peaches, apples and grains. The abundance of food New Jersey produces gives it the nickname ''The Garden State.'' The Garden State provides many benefits for the residents.
The agriculture of my state, New Jersey, is important to me and makes my life better. One way it makes life better is by providing excellent fruits and vegetables for me. I can eat sumptuous blueberries, peaches, squash and other produce, thanks to Jersey farms. Cranberries from New Jersey go perfect with Thanksgiving turkeys!
Another way New Jersey agriculture benefits me and everybody in the state is to make an environment-friendly use of the land. The orchards, farms and bogs help enrich the atmosphere in which I live.  They do not contaminate the air we breathe but put the land to good use.
Finally, New Jersey agriculture makes my life better by contributing to our national economy. Jerseyans help feed people all over the United States, so our country does not have to import as much food.  My state contributes to the food self-sufficiency in America. This self-sufficiency helps to make my country great. New Jersey's farms do their part in making me a citizen of a great nation.
For all these reasons, and more, the agriculture of New Jersey is very beneficial to me. Good food, a clean environment, and a productive country are only some of Jersey agriculture's benefits to me, The agriculture of the Garden State truly makes my life better.
Joanna Perrick  Ninth grade, home-schooled  Haskell
Eating Fresh Means Eating Healthy
New Jersey agriculture is very important to me. I've always lived in New Jersey and eaten New Jersey food products, I've grown up with New Jersey's agriculture. Tomatoes in the summer and apples in the fall. The fruits and vegetables in New Jersey always taste fresh and are always good to eat.
Without New Jersey's agriculture, I wouldn't be able to take a fresh apple out of the refrigerator any time I wanted. I would have to buy fruits and vegetables from a different state or country that wouldn't taste as fresh. New Jersey's agriculture has, sort of, spoiled me because I always want everything to be fresh and taste good.
Everything you eat in New Jersey is fresh and so I've grown up to be very healthy, which has made my life much better. Eating right has become very important to me since I've always eaten healthy New Jersey food.
Without New Jersey's agriculture, Halloween wouldn't be the same. We wouldn't take hayrides out on the farms and pick fresh pumpkins off the vines. This has always been an exciting tradition to our family and friends every year.
Growing up with New Jersey's agriculture, I've been able to be healthy and go to school each day and to avoid getting sick.  Having what New Jersey's agriculture has to offer has been what I've grown up to.  Tomatoes, cherries, apples, peaches, pears, pumpkins, green beans, broccoli and many more. All of them are fresh and I feel very fortunate to be able to have them nearly all year round.
Kristen Costa  Grade 10  Hunterdon County High School
AGRICULTURE<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>An article on Monday about the 50th anniversary of the Supreme Court ruling that ended school segregation misstated a word in a paraphrase from President Bush, who attended a ceremony in Topeka, Kan. He called for a continuing battle to end racial inequality -- not equality.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>BASEBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Rock Newman has always had his fighter's interest at heart. "It is the manager's job to get his guy the easiest fight for the most money," he has said. And that fervor has indeed made tens of millions of dollars for Riddick Bowe, although it has come at the cost of a heavyweight championship as well as chances to fight for it again.
But now Bowe and Newman stand alone more than ever. As a result of the melee  that punctuated the end of Bowe's bout with Andrew Golota at Madison Square Garden Thursday night, Newman's image has suffered great damage while Bowe's reputation as a great fighter is greatly diminished.
Across the country yesterday, television clips showed an outraged Newman racing across the ring to Golota's corner while Bowe writhes in pain from the final low blow. That shot in the seventh round led Referee Wayne Kelly to disqualify Golota, who had been penalized points for three prior illegal punches.
But while the ending was unusual, Newman's presence in the ring wasn't.
Newman can be a charmer. A former talk-show personality in Washington, he has become a political figure there, working on antiviolence projects and even heading Mayor Marion Barry's transition team.
But he can't keep his emotions out of the ring. This latest incident brings the number of times he has been involved in scuffles during or after a Bowe bout to at least four. Once, he grabbed an opponent from behind and tossed him out of the ring for kneeing Bowe. Another time, Newman was part of the Bowe contingent swatting the so-called Fan Man, the pilot who sailed his motorized glider into the ropes during Bowe's second bout with Evander Holyfield. Newman also punched a photographer immediately after Bowe won the title in his first fight with Holyfield.
Through it all, Bowe remains loyal, even though Newman has become something of a pariah in boxing circles, leading other promoters to avoid him and sometimes costing Bowe some opportunities in the ring.
Yesterday, the State Athletic Commission froze Bowe's $5 million purse because of actions by those in his entourage Thursday, including Newman. And Madison Square Garden's president, Dave Checketts, said he would reassess Newman's status before allowing him back into the world's most famous arena.
Quietly, almost contrite, Newman held up a book of daily religious sayings yesterday as he faced a packed news conference at his New York hotel to explain  his latest actions. His wife, Demetria, sat at his side.
Newman apologized, sort of, for the melee that followed his dash across the ring, during which Golota was whacked on the back of the head by a man wielding  a walkie-talkie whom the police have identified as Jason Harris. Newman said he had told police it was Harris. But Newman refused to apologize for what he described as "the actions of others."
Police Commissioner Howard Safir said that Harris, who left before police could arrest him, was part of the Bowe retinue and has a police record. Safir also said two other people accused of violence in the ring had police records and were part of the Bowe contingent, too.
Yet, earlier yesterday Newman said that "no one on Team Bowe has a police record."
The discrepancies in Newman's life are as hard to fathom as his actions that  seem at war with one another.
On one hand, he continually protests the various sanctioning bodies that he claims keep Bowe from his rightful place as the top-ranked heavyweight. Newman openly describes boxing commissioners as "crooks" and says they take payoffs to  rank other fighters ahead of his.
It was Newman, though, who convinced Bowe to throw his World Boxing Council belt in a London trash can rather than be forced by that sanctioning body to fight Lennox Lewis. And it was Newman who just a few days ago defended Bowe's tubbiness -- he weighed a career-high 252 pounds for the equally strong but trimmer Golota -- by claiming the scales lied.
In fact, Newman has presided over the deterioration of Bowe, who was easily the world's best heavyweight when he won the title in November 1992, while Mike  Tyson was in prison.
Since then Bowe has allowed himself to get 40 pounds heavier, and his dedication has seemed to wane as his millions increase. Newman is proud of the fact that, even without a title, Bowe earned more money last year than any of the heavyweight champions in action.
Golota, an underdog who could have fetched 10-1 odds, was clearly mastering Bowe before being disqualified. He landed 100 more punches. For his pains, he earned about $500,000 and an appearance last night on the Conan O'Brien show. He will be boxing's next celebrity for now.
Golota's promoter, Dino Duva, said he would "love a rematch -- but before that a lot of conditions will have to be met: Who's in the corner?"
Whenever Bowe fights, one thing seems sure: For better or for worse, Newman will be nearby.
ON BOXING<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>CDS Gallery  76 East 79th Street, Manhattan  Through tomorrow
In 1932 Arshile Gorky outlined his influences for the art dealer Julian Levy: ''I was with Cezanne and now naturally I am with Picasso.'' Mr. Levy replied that he would exhibit the Armenian-born New York painter ''when you are with Gorky.''
Mr. Levy would not have been wowed by this modest if instructive show of 21 drawings, all but one sketched in graphite or ink between 1928 and 1935. This was several years before Mr. Gorky evolved from a brilliant self-taught student of European Modernism to a rapturous innovator, whose Surrealism-charged spin on non-objective painting paved the way for Abstract Expressionism.
Drawing was crucial for Mr. Gorky -- he called it ''the basis of art'' -- and he made thousands of works on paper before his suicide in 1948, at 44. But those hoping for a coda to the Whitney Museum of American Art's dazzling 2004 retrospective of Gorky drawings should adjust their expectations.
These elegantly framed but mostly rudimentary sketches belonged to Mr. Gorky's student and friend Hans Burkhardt, the Swiss painter who probably salvaged several from piles that his mentor planned to abandon while relocating his studio from Greenwich Village to Union Square in 1930. (Or so speculates the art historian Melvin P. Lader, in an essay that accompanied an expanded version of this show in Los Angeles.)
Still lifes predominate. The best, made around 1935, depict tabletop arrangements of organic forms (recalling Arp and Miro) that resist recognition, but imply function; one biomorphic blip sports a circle inscribed with a dash that looks uncannily like the head of a screw. Some locate their forms against lines that evoke corners, windows and doors, reminiscent of the interior spaces in the artist's magnificent series, also from the early 1930s, ''Nighttime, Enigma and Nostalgia.''
There is one late work here, an assured pencil-and-crayon study on poster board from 1945 (the year Mr. Levy finally gave Mr. Gorky a show). The wiry, graceful composition is anchored in the center by a seductive slash of orange, a welcome, colorful note in a show of minor works by a major 20th-century artist.
ANDREA K. SCOTT<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Bonnie Diane Kerker, an epidemiologist, was married in New York last evening to Peter Joseph Ephross. Rabbi Andrew Bachman officiated at the Central Park Boathouse.
The bride, 38, is keeping her name. She is the assistant commissioner of epidemiology services at the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene. From August 1990 to October 1992, she served as a community education volunteer in the Peace Corps in San Juan de la Maguana, Dominican Republic. Ms. Kerker graduated from Tufts University and has two degrees in public health, a master's and a Ph.D., from Yale.
She is a daughter of Joan Kerker and Lawrence Kerker of New City, N.Y. Her father, a retired lawyer, practiced in the Bronx.
The bridegroom, 41, also works for the Health Department, writing in-house reports, journal articles and testimonies given at State Assembly and City Council committee meetings on mental health topics. He graduated from the University of Michigan and received a master's degree in comparative history from Brandeis.
He is a son of Joan Saltman of Columbia, Md., and Paul H. Ephross of Rockville, Md. His mother teaches pastoral counseling at Loyola College, where she is an adjunct faculty member. His father is a professor at the University of Maryland School of Social Work. The bridegroom is a stepson of Joan Weiss and of Roy Saltman.
WEDDINGS/CELEBRATIONS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Paying Off Underlying Mortgages Q. What happens when a co-op association finally pays off its underlying mortgage? . . . Douglas W. Shannon, Manhattan A. First of all, said Mary Ann Rothman, executive director of the Council of New York Cooperatives, "maintenance probably goes down, because you don't have mortgage payments anymore."
What might prevent the monthly maintenance charge from dropping, Ms. Rothman said, is a decision to keep up the level of payments in order to increase the building's reserve fund. "But it's logical the maintenance would go down to some degree," she said.
At the same time, however, she said, "that portion of the maintenance that is reduced is part of the portion that is tax deductible under Section 216 of the Internal Revenue Code, so a building that pays off its mortgage is unlikely to have maintenance that is 50 percent tax deductible."
All that would be deductible, Ms. Rothman said, would be the property taxes, which amount to about 25 to 35 percent of the typical budget.
"In lots of buildings, it's a selling point that the maintenance is 50 percent deductible," she said. "But now they own the building free and clear, so they could use that fact as a marketing tool instead." A Co-op Dispute Over a Health Club Q. The board of my co-op building (60 percent owners, 40 percent rent-stabilized tenants) is proposing to install a health club in vacant commercial space beneath six apartments, some occupied by renters. Objections over the potentially unacceptable noise level of the club, both because of machines and hours of operation, are seemingly being ignored because the complainers are not owners. What legal recourse is there to either preventing the club from being installed or forcing the board to also install soundproofing to the satisfaction of these tenants? . . . Joyce L. Sulahian, Manhattan A. Not much, said Eric M. Davis, a Manhattan lawyer. "Co-op boards have a great deal of discretion in determining how to run a building," Mr. Davis said. "If a board desired to put in a gym or other type of facility, provided such action is in good faith and furthers a legitimate corporate purpose, their actions will most likely survive any judicial challenge."
In addition, he said, "objections to potential noise or other types of nuisance are considered speculative until they actually become ripe." A judge would most likely be unwilling to hear shareholders' or tenants' complaints until the actual nuisance rises, he said.
Nevertheless, Mr. Davis said, a shareholder would be well advised to contact the board to see whether soundproofing can be provided. Soundproofing the new health facility "might be a smart means of preventive maintenance," he said.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Jubilant throngs danced through the streets, clapping, whistling and singing their throats sore. They cheered for President Robert Mugabe, who was declared the winner of the presidential election this week, and praised his promises for a better life.
But as the crowds were celebrating today, hundreds of hungry people here in the capital were lining up for rations of cornmeal in this era of food shortages. And John Nkomo, the home affairs minister, arrived at his office with few illusions about the enormous difficulties that lay ahead.
''The next few months are going to be quite challenging and demanding on everybody,'' Mr. Nkomo said in an interview. ''Our success is assured only if everybody says, 'Fine, we've had an election. The verdict has been pronounced. Now let's get going together.' '' The United States and Britain have assailed the election as illegitimate and threaten to toughen sanctions against the government's top leaders.
Western officials, who have already cut off most aid to Zimbabwe, have vowed to keep their pocketbooks shut. Tourism and foreign investment is drying up here and hunger is spreading across the country.
Some donors had promised to extend foreign aid to an opposition government but not to Mr. Mugabe, who condoned political violence during his campaign as well as the seizures of white-owned farms. So in the short term, officials say, Mr. Mugabe's re-election will likely mean continuing hardship for this struggling country.
Mr. Nkomo said the government wanted to attract foreign investors and to improve Zimbabwe's image and relations with the West. Another priority, he said, was reconciling the polarized nation by reassuring white farmers and black opposition supporters of their place in the country.
''They are Zimbabweans and we are Zimbabweans,'' Mr. Nkomo said of the white farmers and opposition supporters. ''We have to resolve our differences and work together.''
Mr. Nkomo is one of the moderates in Mr. Mugabe's cabinet and it is difficult to assess whether the hard-liners in government have signed on to such a course of action. But with the election over, some diplomats here believe that the government will try to woo the West by cracking down on illegal farm occupations and political violence and implementing some economic reforms.
Zimbabwe, which was once one of Africa's most prosperous countries, has been run by Mr. Mugabe since white rule ended in 1980. But in the last decade, the poverty rate has surged to 75 percent from 40 percent, the United Nations says.
Today, the economy is contracting, inflation has soared to more than 100 percent and nearly a half a million people need emergency food aid. Hundreds of companies have closed and more than 10,000 jobs have been lost over the last two years.
In the poor suburbs of Harare, where market women sell used clothing and sugar cane, many families struggle to afford two meals a day.
Onias Dendere, a 42-year-old welder, predicted that times will get harder because Zimbabwe will receive little help from wealthy nations that view the country as a pariah state.
''We are going to face the toughest times now,'' said Mr. Dendere, who set up a rusty sign on a street corner to offer his services to the public. He says he has not had a single customer in four months.
''I'm a father of six children, living in a two-room house that I am renting and I have no business at all,'' said Mr. Dendere, a lean man in a tattered T-shirt and fraying trousers.
In the heart of the capital, civil servants with leather briefcases and housewives with restless toddlers wait in lines that stretch for blocks outside local supermarkets, hoping for the arrival of scarce items like sugar and cooking oil.
Most people here are supporters of Morgan Tsvangirai, the opposition leader, who promised to mend fences with the West and to ease the economic crisis.
Today several people said they believed that the election had been rigged. They said it was only the fear of a government crackdown that was preventing people from demonstrating their outrage.
''We are quiet because we know they can bring in the army,'' said Easyway Gumbo, a 34-year-old beer salesman. ''But people are bitter. We've got factories and industries closing their doors. People are going without adequate meals. If things don't get better, most likely things will boil.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>THERE is something of a rye renaissance going on in New York. Having flooded the city with first-rate French and Italian breads, some of the best bakers are turning to other traditions, and starting to make rye.
''We've been getting more requests for it in the past year,'' said Toy Dupree, the head baker for Amy's Bread. ''I went to Germany a few months ago to learn more about it and came back with all kinds of ideas.''
New York bakeries have long been baking rye breads, with or without caraway seeds, that make a fine companion to pastrami. Zaro's Bread Basket and Hot and Crusty, with several locations, do a decent job. Food halls like Zabar's usually sell several kinds of rye. But those who want to go to the source have a growing number of choices. Besides Orwasher's Bakery, there is Moishe's Kosher Bake Shop, 115 Second Avenue (Seventh Street) and 181 East Houston Street (Allen Street), which makes an old-fashioned Jewish rye bread, seeded or unseeded ($1.19 a pound).
Royale Pastry Shop, 237 West 72d Street, bakes heavy, moist and dense two-pound domes of Eastern European corn rye, often called corn bread, a rye bread thick with caraway seeds that is made with some cornmeal in the dough ($2 a pound). For some, this chewy bread is the ultimate Jewish rye bread, but it is not for the faint of heart, especially when slathered with chicken fat.
Amy's Bread's original rye bread, an organic rye with caraway seeds and mustard seeds ($2), has a rich, dark interior that is only faintly sour, with a fairly soft crust and the pleasant crunch of seeds. Amy's Bread, 672 Ninth Avenue (46th Street) and 75 Ninth Avenue (15th Street), also bakes a big, serious rye-flour bread, but of a different type entirely, a handsome, crusty four-pound Belgian sourdough loaf. The bread costs $12 for the whole loaf, $4 for a small version.  This bread is also baked for Le Pain Quotidien, 1131 Madison Avenue (84th Street), which sells it for $12 for the whole loaf or in halves or quarters.
Eli's Breads at the Vinegar Factory, 431 East 91st Street, makes a classic, seeded Jewish rye in one- and two-pound shiny-crusted loaves, $1.95 and $3.95.
At Columbus Bakery, 474 Columbus Avenue (83d Street) and 959 First Avenue (52d Street), the crust and shape of the seeded rye suggest an Italian country loaf more than a classic New York rye. It has a wheatier taste than most.
Ecce Panis, 1260 Madison Avenue (90th Street), 1120 Third Avenue (65th Street) and 282 Columbus Avenue (74th Street), just added rye bread to its inventory ($2.50). It's pleasantly sour with a nice chewy crust, and though it seems sparsely seeded with caraway, the flavor is well defined.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>"Hyenas" was shown as part of the 1992 New York Film Festival. Following are excerpts from Stephen Holden's review, which appeared in The New York Times on Oct. 3, 1992. The film -- in Wolof with English subtitles -- opens today at the Papp Public Theater, 425 Lafayette Street, East Village.
Anyone can be bought if the price is right. That is the message of Friedrich Durrenmatt's viciously misanthropic drama "The Visit," in which a woman buys an entire town to wreak revenge on the lover who betrayed her decades earlier. In "Hyenas," Djibril Diop Mambety's pungent film adaptation of the story, the setting has been moved from Europe to Africa.
Although the film by this Senegalese director keeps the outlines of the Durrenmatt play intact, the change of locale lends the tale a new political dimension. The vengeance that the richest woman in the world brings to the dusty African village of her birth is an avalanche of irresistible Western paraphernalia that will eradicate the area's tribal culture.
The social center of the destitute desert town of Colobane is a scantily stocked market run by its most popular resident, Dramaan Drameh (Mansour Diouf), a jolly white-bearded grocer. The village would probably go on wasting away on the fringe of the Sahara were it not for the return of Linguere Ramatou (Ami Diakhate), a woman who left the town in disgrace 30 years earlier. Linguere, who was Dramaan's lover at the time, has mysteriously emerged as the world's richest woman. The townspeople, hoping that she will end their poverty, fall over themselves to offer her a welcome-home banquet.
Though Dramaan is married, he woos Linguere obsequiously. At the height of the celebration, she announces that she intends to donate "one hundred thousand millions" to the town. But there is a catch. She produces witnesses who swear that 30 years ago Dramaan paid them to testify that they had slept with her so he could deny the paternity of her unborn child. Before the town can get its reward, Dramaan must pay with his life. Deeply insulted, the townspeople at first side with the grocer. But as greed eats away at their souls, their mood slowly shifts.
"Hyenas" inflects the drama with an edge of carnival humor. That may explain why the central performances are not very gripping. Ms. Diakhate's Linguere, though imposingly grotesque, is something less than the fearsome apotheosis of revenge. And when she declaims the play's crucial lines -- "The world made a whore of me; I want to turn the world into a whorehouse" -- they ring slightly flat.
FILM REVIEW<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Bellwether  335 Grand Street  Williamsburg, Brooklyn  Through Monday
Melissa Brown's paintings and Kristine Robinson's sculptures share a penchant for strong color and eccentric forming techniques that create a confusing yet tactile mix of the handmade and the mechanical.
Ms. Brown, in particular, stands out. Using a roller, stencils and print-making techniques, she creates slightly overwrought landscapes whose repeating forms -- clouds, flowers, trees -- are composed of parts that seem to have a life of their own. It is an effect that both slows down the eye and imbues things with an about-to-burst tension. Colored-paper collages, stills from Disney cartoons or psychedelic Grant Wood come to mind. In ''Polination Station,'' she layers graduated bouffant shapes in bouncy, bloomlike thunderclouds and trails tiny handpainted bumblebees to the distant horizon; everything seems on the verge.
Ms. Robinson's sculptures, made of plastic casts of everyday objects, continue the cartoonish energy into real space; but the pieces themselves are generic and not as developed. A lot more could be done with the suggestion, or fact, that these objects are slightly soft and made of chunks of solid, radiant colors.
ROBERTA SMITH
ART IN REVIEW<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Orville Schell's trenchant article ''Human Rights in China: An Act of Defiance'' (April 16), about the surrealistic odyssey of Fang Lizhi in Beijing is important. Mr. Schell paints a chilling picture of human rights in China. The persecutions continue, with the acquiesence of the United States.
Orville Schell's trenchant article ''Human Rights in China: An Act of Defiance'' (April 16), about the surrealistic odyssey of Fang Lizhi in Beijing is important. Mr. Schell paints a chilling picture of human rights in China. The persecutions continue, with the acquiesence of the United States.
Thank you for giving me the opportunity to learn about human rights in China, and in a certain house in Washington.  HATTIE THRASHER  New York, N.Y.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
''Crave Thin Mints? Girl Scout Cookies Available on eBay'' (front page, March 13) brings another fine example of adults' treading on the innocence of their children. The Girl Scouts teach values like fair play, honesty and working to make the world better. Adults do a disservice by trying to find a ''loophole'' that lets them sell cookies online.
Sure, I had extra cookies from my daughter's sale last year. We took them to the local soup kitchen and women's shelter.
By the way, Girl Scout cookies are only a phone call away: just contact the Girl Scout council in your area.
LINDA BARAT  New Rochelle, N.Y., March 15, 2004<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>If ever there was a believer in the power of the written word, it was the best-selling author and former librarian Mao Zedong.
As he explained to an early chronicler of his life, Edgar Snow, ''Three books especially deeply carved my mind, and built up in me a faith in Marxism, from which, once I had accepted it as the correct interpretation of history, I did not afterwards waver.'' Those books, he said, were Marx's ''Communist Manifesto'' and a history of socialism and a history of class struggle.
According to the Marxist Internet Archive (www.marxists.org), an online community that produces and organizes an ever-growing Marxist library, the wheel has turned full circle. People at the site believe that computer attacks primarily from China are jeopardizing its ability to provide Marxist texts, perhaps forcing the library to stop providing material in Chinese.
''We are not 100 percent sure this is the Chinese government; there are a lot of possibilities,'' said Brian Basgen, who has worked on the archive since 1990. But he noted that the archive has been temporarily banned by the Chinese government before, about two years ago. ''There is a motive,'' he said. ''They have done it to us in the past. What they are doing is targeting just the Chinese files.''
Since January there have been hundreds of ''denial of service attacks,'' Mr. Basgen said, 99 percent of which emanate from China. The attacks involve a computer trying to download the same document over and over again, until it prevents others from accessing the archive. He said the site has managed to stay ahead of the attackers by creating ''mirror sites'' around the world, but the attacks have prevented the archive from updating its collection since they began.
Of course, since the Chinese have banned the archive before, it raises the question of why it would use computer attacks. Also, security experts say that Chinese machines can be exploited by people outside the country, making the attacks appear to come from China, because they often lack sophisticated protections.
Mr. Basgen said the purpose of the attacks seemed to be to motivate the archive to sacrifice its Chinese-language material to keep the rest of the archive available. It is a move they may have to consider, he said, depending on how a test turns out.
While some might find it odd that the government created by Mao's Communist Revolution would be behind an effort to deny access to the texts so important to its founding, Mr. Basgen said he did not. ''It is ironic for people who don't know what is going on in China,'' he said. ''The Chinese so-called Communist government has nothing to do with Communism. It has been going toward capitalism for a long time.''
And, to be strictly accurate, the Marxist archive does not even consider Mao a true Marxist. He is considered a ''reference writer,'' along with Adam Smith, Josef Stalin, and Jean-Jacques Rousseau, among others. Mao failed a key question, Mr. Basgen said: ''Did he serve to liberate working people?''
NOAM COHEN
MEDIA TALK<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Jay Weinstein found out that he had chronic myelogenous leukemia in 1996, two weeks before his marriage.
He was 36 years old, a New York City firefighter, and he thought his health was great.
He learned that there was little hope for a cure. The one treatment that could save him was a bone marrow transplant, but that required a donor, and he did not have one. By 1999, his disease was nearing its final, fatal phase. He might have just weeks to live.
Then, Mr. Weinstein had a stroke of luck. He managed to become one of the last patients to enroll in a preliminary study at the Oregon Health & Science University, testing an experimental drug.
Mr. Weinstein is alive today and still taking the drug, now on the market as Gleevec. Its maker, Novartis, supplies it to him free because he participated in the clinical trial.
Dr. Brian Druker, a Howard Hughes investigator at the university's Cancer Institute, who led the Gleevec study, sees Mr. Weinstein as a pioneer in a new frontier of science. His treatment was based not on blasting cancer cells with harsh chemotherapy or radiation but instead on using a sort of molecular razor to cut them out.
That, Dr. Druker and others say, is the first fruit of a new understanding of cancer as a genetic disease. But if cancer is a genetic disease, it is like no other in medicine.
With cancer, a person may inherit a predisposition that helps set off the process, but it can take decades -- even a lifetime -- to accumulate the additional mutations needed to establish a tumor. That is why, scientists say, cancer usually strikes older people and requires an element of bad luck.
''You have to get mutations in the wrong place at the wrong time,'' Dr. Druker said.
Other genetic diseases may involve one or two genetic changes. In cancer, scores of genes are mutated or duplicated and huge chunks of genetic material are rearranged. With cancer cells, said Dr. William Hahn, an assistant professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School, ''it looks like someone has thrown a bomb in the nucleus.''
In other genetic diseases, gene alterations disable cells. In cancer, genetic changes give cells a sort of superpower.
At first, as scientists grew to appreciate the complexity of cancer genetics, they despaired. ''If there are 100 genetic abnormalities, that's 100 things you need to fix to cure cancer,'' said Dr. Todd Golub, the director of the Cancer Program at the Broad Institute of Harvard and M.I.T. in Cambridge, Mass., and an oncologist at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute in Boston. ''That's a horrifying thought.''
Making matters more complicated, scientists discovered that the genetic changes in one patient's tumor were different from those in another patient with the same type of cancer. That led to new questioning. Was every patient going to be a unique case? Would researchers need to discover new drugs for every single patient?
''People said, 'It's hopelessly intractable and too complicated a problem to ever figure out,' '' Dr. Golub recalled.
But to their own amazement, scientists are now finding that untangling the genetics of cancer is not impossible. In fact, they say, what looked like an impenetrable shield protecting cancer cells turns out to be flimsy. And those seemingly impervious cancer cells, Dr. Golub said, ''are very much poised to die.''
The story of genes and cancer, like most in science, involves many discoveries over many years. But in a sense, it has its roots in the 1980's, with a bold decision by Dr. Bert Vogelstein of Johns Hopkins University to piece together the molecular pathways that lead to cancer.
It was a time when the problem looked utterly complicated. Scientists thought that cancer cells were so abnormal that they were, as Dr. Vogelstein put it, ''a total black box.''
But Dr. Vogelstein had an idea: what if he started with colon cancer, which had some unusual features that made it more approachable?
Colon cancer progresses through recognizable phases. It changes from a tiny polyp, or adenoma -- a benign overgrowth of cells on the wall of the colon -- to a larger polyp, a pre-cancerous growth that, Dr. Vogelstein said, looks ''mean,'' and then to a cancer that pushes through the wall of the colon. The final stage is metastasis, when the cancer travels through the body.
''This series of changes is thought to occur in most cancers, but there aren't many cancers where you can get specimens that represent all these stages,'' Dr. Vogelstein said.
With colon cancer, pathologists could get tissue by removing polyps and adenomas in colonoscopies and taking cancerous tumors in surgery.
Colon cancer was even more appealing for such a study because there are families with strong inherited predispositions to develop the disease, indicating that they have cancer genes that may be discovered.
So Dr. Vogelstein and his colleagues set out to search for genes ''any way we could,'' Dr. Vogelstein said. Other labs found genes, too, and by the mid-1990's, scientists had a rough outline of what was going on.
Although there were scores of mutations and widespread gene deletions and rearrangements, it turned out that the crucial changes that turned a colon cell cancerous involved just five pathways. There were dozens of ways of disabling those pathways, but they were merely multiple means to the same end.
People with inherited predispositions to colon cancer started out with a gene mutation that put their cells on one of those pathways. A few more random mutations and the cells could become cancerous.
The colon cancer story, Dr. Druker said, ''is exactly the paradigm we need for every single cancer at every single stage.''
But scientists were stymied. Where should they go from there? How did what happens in colon cancer apply to other cancers? If they had to repeat the colon cancer story every time, discovering genetic alterations in each case, it would take decades to make any progress.
The turning point came only recently, with the advent of new technology. Using microarrays, or gene chips -- small slivers of glass or nylon that can be coated with all known human genes -- scientists can now discover every gene that is active in a cancer cell and learn what portions of the genes are amplified or deleted.
With another method, called RNA interference, investigators can turn off any gene and see what happens to a cell. And new methods of DNA sequencing make it feasible to start asking what changes have taken place in what gene.
The National Cancer Institute and the National Human Genome Research Institute recently announced a three-year pilot project to map genetic aberrations in cancer cells.
The project, Dr. Druker said, is ''the first step to identifying all the Achilles' heels in cancers.''
Solving the problem of cancer will not be trivial, Dr. Golub said. But, he added, ''For the first time, we have the tools needed to attack the problem, and if we as a research community come together to work out the genetic basis of cancer, I think it will forever change how we think about the disease.''
Already, the principles are in place, scientists say. What is left are the specifics: the gene alterations that could be targets for drugs.
''We're close to being able to put our arms around the whole cancer problem,'' said Robert Weinberg, a biology professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a member of the Whitehead Institute. ''We've completed the list of all cancer cells needed to create a malignancy,'' Dr. Weinberg said. ''And I wouldn't have said that five years ago.''
The list includes roughly 10 pathways that cells use to become cancerous and that involve a variety of crucial genetic alterations. There are genetic changes that end up spurring cell growth and others that result in the jettisoning of genes that normally slow growth. There are changes that allow cells to keep dividing, immortalizing them, and ones that allow cells to live on when they are deranged; ordinarily, a deranged cell kills itself.
Still other changes let cancer cells recruit normal tissue to support and to nourish them. And with some changes, Dr. Weinberg said, cancer cells block the immune system from destroying them.
In metastasis, he added, when cancers spread, the cells activate genes that normally are used only in embryo development, when cells migrate, and in wound healing.
But so many genetic changes give rise to a question: how does a cell acquire them?
In any cell division, there is a one-in-a-million chance that a mutation will accidentally occur, Dr. Weinberg notes. The chance of two mutations is one in a million million and the chance of three is one in a million million million million.
This slow mutation rate results from the fact that healthy cells quickly repair damage to their DNA.
''DNA repair stands as the dike between us and the inundation of mutations,'' Dr. Weinberg said.
But one of the first things a cell does when it starts down a road to cancer is to disable repair mechanisms. In fact, BRCA1 and 2, the gene mutations that predispose people to breast and ovarian cancer, as well as some other inherited cancer genes, disable these repair systems.
Once the mutations start, there is ''a kind of snowball effect, like a chain reaction,'' Dr. Vogelstein said.
With the first mutations, cells multiply, producing clusters of cells with genetic changes. As some randomly acquire additional mutations, they grow even more.
In the end, all those altered genes may end up being the downfall of cancer cells, researchers say.
''Cancer cells have many Achilles' heels,'' Dr. Golub said. ''It may take a couple of dozen mutations to cause a cancer, all of which are required for the maintenance and survival of the cancer cell.''
Gleevec, researchers say, was the first test of this idea. The drug knocks out a gene product, abl kinase, that is overly abundant in chronic myelogenous leukemia. The first clinical trial, which began seven years ago, seemed like a long shot.
''The idea that this would lead to therapy was something you wrote in your grant application,'' said Dr. Charles Sawyers, a Howard Hughes investigator at the University of California, Los Angeles. ''It wasn't anything you believed would happen soon.''
But the clinical trial of Gleevec, conducted at the Oregon Health & Science University, U.C.L.A. and M. D. Anderson Cancer Center in Houston, was a spectacular success. Patients' cancer cells were beaten back to such an extent that the old tests to look for them in bone marrow were too insensitive, Dr. Sawyers said.
Gleevec is not perfect. It is expensive, costing about $25,000 a year. It is not a cure: some cancer cells remain lurking, quiescent and ready to spring if the drug is stopped, so patients must take it every day for the rest of their lives. And some patients are now developing resistance to Gleevec.
Still, Dr. Sawyers says, ''Seven years later, most of our patients are still doing well.'' Without Gleevec, he added, most would be dead.
As for the future of cancer therapy, Dr. Golub and others say that Gleevec offers a taste of the possible.
Dr. Golub said he expected that new drugs would strike the Achilles' heels of particular cancers. The treatment will not depend on where the cancer started -- breast, colon, lung -- but rather which pathway is deranged.
''It's starting to come into focus how one might target the problem,'' Dr. Golub said. ''Individual cancers are going to fall one by one by targeting the molecular abnormalities that underlie them.''
And some cancer therapies may have to be taken for a lifetime, turning cancer into a chronic disease.
''Seeing cancer become more like what has happened with AIDS would not be shocking,'' Dr. Golub said. ''Does that mean cure? Not necessarily. We may see patients treated until they die of something else.''
That is what Mr. Weinstein hopes will happen with him. The cancer is still there: new, exquisitely sensitive tests still find a few cells lurking in his bone marrow. And Gleevec has caused side effects. Mr. Weinstein says his fingers and toes sometimes freeze for a few seconds, and sometimes he gets diarrhea.
But, he said, ''Certain things you put out of your mind because life is so good.''
Preventing Cancer
Previous articles in this series explored whether diet, exercise, stress and environmental factors matter in prevention. The articles remain online, and Gina Kolata discusses cancer in a video feature: nytimes.com/science.
Preventing Cancer
Correction:  December 28, 2005, Wednesday  A picture caption with an article in Science Times yesterday about the genetic underpinnings of cancer misstated the age of a New York City firefighter whose myelogenous leukemia was diagnosed in 1996. As the article noted, the firefighter, Jay Weinstein, was 36 at the time of his diagnosis, not today.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: AT the factory under the Bruckner Expressway in the Bronx, mattresses, box springs and daybeds have been made in the same manner for 57 years. ''All done by hand, start to finish,'' said Ted Marschke, the president of Charles H. Beckley, a manufacturer of custom bedding.
AT the factory under the Bruckner Expressway in the Bronx, mattresses, box springs and daybeds have been made in the same manner for 57 years. ''All done by hand, start to finish,'' said Ted Marschke, the president of Charles H. Beckley, a manufacturer of custom bedding.
''We cut, sew and fill one mattress at a time,'' Mr. Marschke said. ''We don't mass-produce anything.'' The company has made beds for Blair House in Washington as well as a diamond-shaped bed for a Hollywood producer. If you are in love with an antique four-poster bed of an unusual size, Beckley will make a mattress to fit it. The company makes house calls to get measurements.
Extra-long mattresses are often requested these days. ''People want that extra length,'' Mr. Marschke said. California king-size mattresses, a few inches longer and narrower than regular king-size beds, are growing in popularity.
So are extra-high beds. For one decorator who is a client, the box spring alone has to be 20 inches high, Mr. Marschke said. (Standard box springs are 7 inches high.) Mattresses are stuffed with a combination of horsehair, hog hair and cotton felt. ''Horsehair gives you a longer-lasting mattress,'' Mr. Marschke said. ''It has more resiliency to it.'' The company uses synthetic hair for people allergic to horsehair.
The inner spring is wrapped in burlap, which prevents the horsehair from getting into the coils. The steel springs come in different weights: the heavier the metal, the firmer the mattress. ''Extra-firm is the most popular,'' Mr. Marschke said. The coils are tied by hand, a process that, Mr. Marschke said, ''gives you better support and more comfort.''
Five all-cotton mattress tickings are available, including a blue pin stripe and a solid ecru. Mattresses are hand-finished with what is called in the trade an imperial edge.
Wheels are built into the wood frame of the box spring, eliminating the need for a separate metal frame. Box springs can be upholstered in a customer's fabric, making a dust ruffle unnecessary.
Mr. Marschke said his mattresses, if maintained, should last 30 years. He advises turning a mattress once a week for the first month and once a month thereafter. Frequent cleaning and airing, especially in hot, humid weather, are also important.
Twin mattresses start at $513 and king-sizes at $1,071. Box springs with wheels start at $578 for a twin and at $1,242 for a king. Mattress sets take four to eight weeks to make. For 160 years, Frank A. Hall & Sons has been in the custom bedding business. ''We do ovals, round, L-shaped and we just did an S-shaped mattress,'' said Norris Hansen, an owner of the Manhattan company.
He said the mattresses are stuffed with cotton, pure horsehair and lamb's wool. The company will make even the most old-fashioned of mattresses: 100 percent horsehair.
Electric beds on which the foot and head can be elevated are a specialty. Using motors from aircraft landing gear, Mr. Hansen can make any bed an electric model; he recently adapted an 18th-century Italian bed.
A queen-size bed averages $1,800 for both box spring and mattress. Work takes two to three weeks. Harry Beltrani, the owner of the 54-year-old Bedcraft by Beltrani in Inwood, L.I., will make any shape of mattress, including heart-shaped ones.
His mattresses, all handmade, are stuffed with horsehair and cotton felt. ''This year was the biggest run we've had on horsehair since about 1965,'' he said. ''I don't know if people were listening to Grandma or what.
''The horsehair keeps you cooler in summer because it ventilates. And in wintertime, the felt keeps you warmer.'' Twin mattresses and box springs each start at $375, king-sizes at $800. Work takes about two weeks.  Here's Where  CHARLES H. BECKLEY'S showroom is at 306 East 61st Street; 212-759-8450. Hours: Monday through Friday, 10 A.M. to 5 P.M. Through architects and decorators only. FRANK A. HALL & SONS, 969 Third Avenue (at 58th Street), third floor; 212-421-3140. Hours: Monday through Friday, 9 A.M. to 5 P.M. Through architects and decorators only. BEDCRAFT BY BELTRANI, 312 Bayview Avenue, Inwood, L.I. 11696; 516-239-7857. Hours: Monday through Friday, 8 A.M. to 5 P.M.
WHERE TO FIND IT<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Prudential Investment Management Inc. will close two of its three equity mutual funds in Japan because of competition. The company will shut its Prudential Quality Japan fund and PRU PM Wizard fund and return the money to investors. The company's president, Masahiko Sasaki, told Bloomberg News that 17 jobs would be eliminated. Prudential plans to focus more on its fixed-income business and is reducing its equity offerings despite the nearly 40 percent rise in the Nikkei 225 since late April.
Ken Belson (NYT)<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Evelyn Fryar has one of the bloodier jobs at the Lundy Packing Company here, trimming the jaws from heads of slaughtered pigs. In June of last year, she said, she came down with something like a very bad case of the flu.
"In the beginning, I started aching all over -- my ankles, my knees, my hips, all over," she said. "Then I began to lose weight. I lost 12 pounds the first week I was out sick with it. I didn't have an appetite to eat. I had real bad headaches. I carried a fever of 103 for a solid week before they put me on antibiotics. I was hospitalized with it in July. I was out of work about four months."
Ms. Fryar, a widow with two grown children, had brucellosis, an often serious but rarely fatal disease carried by livestock. It is usually cured with antibiotics, and if it is caught early, its symptoms are not much worse than the flu. The bacterial organism that causes it dies as meat cools during processing, so consumers are not exposed.  Outbreak at Plant
Brucellosis has been largely eradicated, with only 84 cases nationwide reported last year. But about three years ago, it started showing up at Lundy's, a slaughterhouse with sales last year of $260 million. Union officials estimate that at least 50 of Lundy's 650 blue-collar workers have the disease now or have had it in the last three years.
The outbreak of brucellosis at Lundy's shows how hazardous some work can be in the absence of routine vigilance. It also shows how slow government regulators can be in intervening to protect workers.
Word of the brucellosis here began to spread beyond the company only during the summer, after workers brought it to the attention of a union that is trying to organize the plant, the United Food and Commercial Workers. Jackie Nowell, the union's health and safety director, notified regulators. Subsequent Government blood tests of the workers uncovered 43 cases of significant exposure to the bacteria, but regulators have yet to try to stop the spread of the disease.
It was in this same state two years ago that state regulators were found to be unaware of hazardous conditions at a chicken processing plant where 25 workers were killed in a fire. The plant, in the town of Hamlet, had never been inspected in 11 years of operation.
Lundy's is a privately held company, so details of its ownership are not disclosed. The chairwoman and chief executive is Anabelle Lundy Fetterman, a woman in her 70's whose father founded the company. Workers say they normally see her once a year at the Christmas meeting in the company auditorium at which she distributes watches, stickpins and certificates to long-term employees and profit-sharing checks, typically $50 or $60, to everyone.  U.S. Senator's Financial Stake
Another substantial owner, and also a director, is Senator Lauch Faircloth, a Republican who was elected in November. Mr. Faircloth's financial disclosure report to the Senate in June shows that he has more than $1 million invested in Lundy's. Mr. Faircloth also raises hogs, by all accounts disease-free, which he sells to Lundy's.
Mrs. Fetterman and Mr. Faircloth are this eastern North Carolina community's richest and most influential citizens. A Faircloth Freeway sweeps across town. Faircloths, from Alda and Alfesus to Willie Jo and Worth Ham, are everywhere in surrounding Sampson County, population 49,000.
Neither Mrs. Fetterman nor Senator Faircloth would discuss the brucellosis outbreak. A woman answering the Senator's office telephone in Washington said, "He never speaks to the press," and his press secretary, John Preyer, did not return calls after a reporter called to ask about brucellosis. In a telephone call, Mrs. Fetterman said only, "We are reviewing the situation."
Early last month, she spoke with The News and Observer of Raleigh. "I think they are fine," she is reported to have said of the afflicted workers. "I think they are exaggerating, and I think the union is encouraging it." Exposure at Plant
At the slaughterhouse, exposure to brucellosis starts as pigs known as top hogs by their weight of 200 to 230 pounds, are herded from 18-wheeler trucks onto a ramp leading into the kill floor. The pigs are stunned with an electric jolt, then fall on their sides and are carried by conveyor belt to the station of Mitchell Armwood, the plant's sticker. "I take a knife and stick them in the throat," he explained. "They shoot blood from head to toe. I do 8,075 a day."
Mr. Armwood wears a steel mesh glove on his left hand to hold the pig but nothing on his right hand. "I just have my knife," he said. So far, he has had one apparent bout of brucellosis, three days of bad headaches. He caught it early and believes he has been cured, but a Government blood test shows him to have been significantly exposed to the bacteria.
Many workers say they have not fared as well as Mr. Armwood seems to have. Joseph Butler, 37, cleans hearts after they are severed from lungs. Like Mr. Armwood, he does not wear a glove on his right hand and is not required to. Three years ago, he said, he cut his finger on a spike. A doctor treated it, and he kept working.
After two more months of handling several hundred thousand blood-drenched hearts, Mr. Butler said, he came down with chills and high fevers. After six weeks, he was able to work again, but he says he still gets high fevers.
Kelly J. Donham, a professor at the University of Iowa College of Medicine, said the brucella bacteria could inhabit the blood and tissues of slaughtered animals. "People become infected," he said, "when they have direct contact through an open lesion or through the mucous membranes of their eyes or noses." In a poorly ventilated plant, he added, fine droplets of blood and tissue get into the air.  Search for Infected Pigs
The United States Department of Agriculture is trying to find the farm or farms that supply brucellosis-infected pigs. The diseased pigs are hard to spot because nothing in their appearance or demeanor readily reveals the presence of the disease, so their blood has to be tested. If one is found at Lundy's, it could be hard to trace to a particular farm, in part because Lundy's sometimes buys mixed lots of pigs at auctions. Lloyd Konya, an official of the Agriculture Department's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, said Lundy's "is bending over backwards to help" in the search.
The Federal Labor Department cannot intervene and inspect the company for health and safety violations because the state has jurisdiction. Margaret S. Howell, a spokeswoman for the North Carolina Labor Commissioner Harry E. Payne Jr., said the commission was investigating two problems at Lundy's -- brucellosis and repetitive stress injuries -- and would complete a report in two to four months. If health and safety violations are found, the company could be fined and required to correct them.
In June, at the union's urging, an inspector from the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health took blood tests of 154 of the 156 kill-floor employees at the plant. In a letter to Mr. Fetterman on Aug. 24, the inspector, Donald B. Trout, said the "results suggest that 43 of the 154 employees have had significant exposure." Of those who were apparently exposed, 24 said they had never been found to have brucellosis, although 16 of them reported having had symptoms suggesting that they might have had the disease. Undiagnosed Cases
Dr. Trout added that brucellosis cases were probably being underdiagnosed. He recommended that Mrs. Fetterman "process only brucellosis-free hogs," that "personal protective equipment like rubber gloves and face shields" be used by employees who work with potentially contaminated tissues and fluids, that she inform workers about the hazards and that she continue with plans to improve ventilation.
When asked by The News and Observer why she did not discontinue buying brucellosis-infected hogs, which could stop the spread of the disease, Mrs. Fetterman told the newspaper that she had to take account of the needs of her customers.
"When you have customers who are looking to you for pork, if you short those customers, they'll go elsewhere, and you won't get them back," she said.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A 33-year-old woman was killed this morning after she sat down in front of an oncoming train clutching her infant daughter, who survived, the authorities said..
Witnesses said the woman, Deborah E. Kahn, lifted the child from a stroller, stepped off of the platform, and crouched at the center of the tracks as two dozen commuters stood by helpless and horrified.
Ms. Kahn, who lived in nearby Ridgewood, N.J., with her husband, Michael Koenig, was declared dead at the scene, the police said. The girl, identified as Alison, was taken to Hackensack University Medical Center, where she remains in fair condition, said Peggy Schunk, a hospital spokeswoman.
John L. Molinelli, the Bergen County prosecutor, said that Ms. Kahn had apparently planned to kill herself and the baby.
''Although the investigation is continuing, it appears at this time that she intended to commit suicide and most probably intended to have the life of the child taken as well,'' he said.
Diana Frering, who lives across the street from Ms. Kahn's home, said Ms. Kahn, who had recently moved to New Jersey with her family, would come over for coffee occasionally.
''She talked longingly of her cramped apartment in New York City,'' Ms. Frering said, adding that Ms. Kahn had a young child when she moved in a few months ago, and the two women would talk about their children. ''She came from New York City and came to the suburbs, and I'm sure it's a big adjustment.''
A few neighbors said they had not seen Ms. Kahn or her family in the past couple of days.
Former neighbors of Ms. Kahn on East 34th Street in Manhattan recalled how happy she was when her baby was born this summer.
''She was a spirited woman,'' said Karen Chiavetta. ''I never knew her to be depressed. She was so looking forward to having the baby.'' Ms. Kahn's husband really wanted to move to a house, and Ms. Kahn wanted to have the baby in New York City, before they left for the suburbs, she said.
Another former neighbor of Ms. Kahn's said she visited Ms. Kahn four days after she came home from the hospital with her baby. ''She was ecstatic; she had just had the baby and it was beautiful,'' the woman said. ''They moved to New Jersey and got a Volvo -- that's such a safety car.''
The westbound train, on the New Jersey Transit's Main Line, was traveling from Hoboken, N.J., to Suffern, N.Y., as it pulled into the station around 10:15 a.m. A crew member pulled the baby from beneath the train and took her inside a passenger car until emergency crews arrived, officials said.
The Ho Ho Kus station, a quaint fieldstone building in this affluent commuter town of 4,000 people, remained closed this afternoon.
The train stood in the station most of the day as investigators paced the platform or stood near Ms. Kahn's body, which was removed at 1:45 p.m.
Shortly after the incident, 20 passengers who were on the No. 1109 were transferred to the another train, and no other delays were reported.
It was the 27th death this year on the state's rail system and the fourth on the Main Line, said Janet Hines, a spokeswoman for New Jersey Transit. Most of those deaths, she said, were classified as suicides.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>KLEIN-Harold M. On August 3, 1999, in his eighty-fourth year. Beloved husband of Zara. Deeply cherished father of Jayne Klein; loving brother of Dorothy Rubenstein. Services Friday, August 6th, 11:45 AM at ''The Riverside'', 76th Street and Amsterdam Avenue.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>''BLISS was it in that dawn to be alive,'' sang William Wordsworth of the French Revolution of 1789, which, insofar as laws, customs and politics were concerned, promised to wipe the slate clean and offer the human race a fresh start. A similar exhilaration seized the Western world in the autumn of 1989, when cheering crowds dismantled the Berlin Wall -- and with it, soon enough, the Soviet empire. Now many analysts are suggesting that the rumblings we hear from the Middle East presage an eruption of that sort. Is the old order in those lands about to be exploded?
Certainly there have been changes from Cairo to Kabul, and portents of more to come. More to the point, they have been in the direction of democracy. When this millennium was ushered in, few would have dared to predict that in just a few years elections of any sort would be held or announced in Afghanistan, Iraq, Saudi Arabia, Egypt and the Palestinian territories.
So in 2005, along with the bad news -- the continuing deadly insurgency in Iraq, Osama bin Laden remaining at large, terrorists regrouping from Syria to Pakistan -- there are welcome surprises all across the Arab-speaking Middle East. Moreover it is at least arguable that, taken together, these events may amount to something big, that they might constitute the cracks in the concrete that signal the impending collapse of the building.
But without depreciating the value of these halting first movements toward democracy, we should be aware of how limited -- for a variety of reasons -- they are. They may go in the right direction but are just at the beginning of the road, and most can be expected to encounter strong opposition before they move much further.
A distinctive feature of the events of 1989 in Germany that is not found in the Middle East in 2005 is that those who manned the Berlin Wall were no longer willing to defend it. The Communist regimes had lost faith in communism and in themselves; they offered no resistance when the crowds pulled down the barricades.
That is not true of our adversaries, or even many of our friends, today in the Middle East. The jihadists believe in their cause with a fanatic ardor. Taliban raiders continue to harass the democratically elected regime in Afghanistan. It is not clear whether armed groups will respect the Palestinian truce. And even if Syria should withdraw from Lebanon, the dictatorial regime in Damascus is not dissolving itself, as Moscow's did after 1989; on the contrary, any withdrawal would be part of a larger plan to consolidate its hold on domestic power.
Nor are the forces on our side necessarily fighting for democracy, as they were in Berlin. The demonstrators in the streets in Beirut were not demanding democracy, but asking for independence -- which is rather a different thing.
In turn, what the men in the presidential palaces offer is closer to a hesitant gesture than to a radical break with the past. President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt, who has held power essentially unopposed since 1981, now proposes to amend his country's Constitution to allow opposition candidates in presidential elections. But the best guess is that anyone who runs will be a mere token candidate. And in Saudi Arabia, where voting was decreed and did occur in February -- for the first time in its history -- the election in question was merely for municipal councils, and the voter turnout was low. Both Egypt and Saudi Arabia are close allies of the United States, and it is difficult to resist the conclusion that their reforms are merely cosmetic, instituted to satisfy Americans and to appease foreign critics.
The contrast could hardly be greater with what happened in the Iron Curtain countries in 1989 and the 1990's, or even in Ukraine a few months ago, when the people refused to accept half-measures and demanded instead full and honest elections and real democracy.
But of course the lands of the Arab Middle East -- as is often pointed out -- have had no significant experience of genuine democracy. Even the promise of democracy that has been held out to them has not been of the real thing.
The shape of the contemporary Middle East -- the shape that we are trying to get Syria and Iraq and the others to change -- was in large part designed by the British after 1918, when those lands were part of or under the influence of the Empire. The British officials who did the designing proclaimed Arab independence as their goal, but meant by that a mere formal independence subject to continuing British influence and control.
The West, embodied now by the United States, speaks the language of freedom again but, unsurprisingly, is not widely believed in the Arab world. A Middle Easterner need not be especially cynical, considering the region's oil and strategic situation, to suspect that America is pursuing its national interests rather than disinterestedly promoting democracy and the welfare of western Asia.
On the other hand, many Americans question whether it is either right or feasible for us to try to remake foreign countries in our image. And the more pragmatic among us note that if those nations continue to be ruled by strongmen, we can continue making deals with them; whereas if we install democracies, they may well vote to eject us and our friends at their earliest opportunity.
Thus paradoxically, a skeptical Arab might suspect that the United States pursues its own selfish goals in the Middle East, while at the same time a puzzled American might worry that it does not.
President Bush, for his part, says one reason to forge democracies in the Middle East is that terrorists are produced by nondemocratic societies. Young people, goes this line of thinking, grow up frustrated in such societies, having no legitimate outlets for their demands; so by overturning the despotisms we can eliminate ''the conditions that feed radicalism and ideologies of murder.'' It is a plausible theory, and even a persuasive one.
On the other hand, it is refuted by Western history. In the 1960's and 1970's, terrorism became rampant -- one thinks of the Red Brigades, the Baader-Meinhof gang and the Weathermen -- in Italy, Germany and the United States, all of them free countries. Democracy, if it is a cure for terrorism, is at least not an infallible one.
For the moment we cannot judge for sure whether the president's theory is valid: it has not been put to the test. The older order in the Middle East has not been overthrown; until it is a new one cannot be constructed.
One lesson of recent history is clear, however: the prospects in the Muslim world would be brighter if both the tearing down and the building up were done by Muslims rather than by us. Berliners brought down the wall; yet it was we who overthrew Iraq's dictator, not the Iraqis. And in large part it was we who arranged the election for Iraq's national assembly -- although only the magnificent courage of the Iraqi people in voting at the risk of their lives made it possible.
Now that assembly has begun its deliberations, against long odds. Secessions of ethnic and religious minorities may take place; at some point an authoritarian leader may emerge; a theocracy might take power. All we can do is help and hope. But as for claiming victory and heralding an unstoppable tide of democracy, it is far too soon.
Op-Ed Contributor David Fromkin, a professor of history and international relations at Boston University, is the author of ''A Peace to End All Peace: The Fall of the Ottoman Empire and the Creation of the Modern Middle East.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The season that can't conclude fast enough for the Mets last night was sabotaged by a doubleheader that didn't seem to want to end.
The Pirates, after having a 2-0 lead vanish in the ninth inning and then a 3-2 advantage turn to mist in the 14th inning of the opener at Shea Stadium, ultimately prevailed, 4-3, over the Mets in 15, the longest game of the season for both teams. The Mets won the second game, 2-1, finishing the doubleheader a little before 1 A.M.
The first game, a marathon of insignificance, lasted 4 hours 20 minutes and featured a total of 27 men stranded on base.
"If we had been in a pennant race, it would have been a heck of a game," said Mets Manager Bud Harrelson. 3 Outs from Victory
For eight innings, it appeared destined to be a predictable defeat for the Mets. Randy Tomlin, the left-hander with the weird mechanics and the unblemished record against the Mets, entered the ninth with a shutout, needing three outs to improve his career mark against the Mets to 6-0.
But Garry Templeton followed singles by Mark Carreon and Terry McDaniel with a two-out ground rule double that produced a run. Reliever Stan Belinda's wild pitch then scored the tying run, and with the moon rising and the temperature sinking, the Mets and Pirates entered extra innings.
"It felt kind of good just to get Tomlin out of there without a win," Harrelson said.
The Pirates were again positioned to win in the 14th. An infield single by Lloyd McClendon scored Gary Redus, and even the fans at Shea were applauding the apparent resolution of the game.
But those same fans certainly weren't booing when Todd Hundley sent a 3-2 pitch from Bill Landrum screaming over the fence in the 14th to level and lengthen the game with his first home run in the major leagues. Home-Run Surprise
"I wasn't trying for the home run," Hundley said, to no one's surprise. "I was trying to hit the ball hard."
Everyone has hit the baseball hard against Wally Whitehurst the second half of the season, and so the game was at last decided for good in the 15th. Barry Bonds singled to lead off and Don Slaught doubled to hand Whitehurst his 12th loss of the season.
"I don't know about the players," said Harrelson, "but I was getting tired."
Harrelson three hours later was smiling through his fatigue more convincingly. The Mets took their time but took the decision, a triumph achieved in regulation, if not with ease.
Howard Johnson, his franchise mark for runs batted in expanding nightly, delivered Keith Miller from third base in the eighth inning to snap a 1-1 deadlock. Miller walked against Roger Mason to start the inning, was sacrificed to second, advanced to third on Gregg Jefferies's infield hit and became Johnson's 112th r.b.i. of the season when the right fielder lifted a fly to right. INSIDE PITCH
Manager BUD HARRELSON said he did not want to have to wait until after the World Series or baseball's winter meetings in December to learn his fate for next season. "But if I have to wait, I'll wait," said Harrelson. . . . JOHN SMILEY, who was going for his 19th victory, left after five innings after being struck in the left arm with a GREGG JEFFERIES line drive. ORLANDO MERCED, the first baseman, also left the game for the Pirates with an injured right foot. . . . JOHN FRANCO earned his 28th save by working the ninth inning of the nightcap.
DWIGHT GOODEN returned to his Florida home Wednesday night and will not return to be with the Mets this season. He will continue his rehabilitation from shoulder surgery in St. Petersburg, Fla. . . . DAVE MAGADAN, the first baseman who had both shoulders operated on recently, departed for Tampa, Fla., yesterday.
BASEBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Warren E. Buffett has bought more stock in Salomon Inc. and now controls 19 percent of the company's voting power.
But even a billionaire financier like Mr. Buffett can make mistakes when filing documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The purchase of an additional 5.5 million shares in Salomon was disclosed yesterday in two parts. The first filing, made electronically to the S.E.C. after the close of trading yesterday, disclosed less than half of the shares purchased. A revised filing came a few minutes later.
The shares were bought by the National Indemnity Company, an insurance subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., the holding company controlled by Mr. Buffett, who served as chairman and chief executive of Salomon during the period after it was shaken by a scandal in Treasury bond trading. He has stepped down from those posts, but remains on Salomon's board.
A spokesman for Berkshire's law firm, Munger, Tolles & Olsen of Los Angeles, said the first S.E.C. filing consisted of a preliminary version of the required disclosure form and was submitted by mistake.
The correct filing showed that Berkshire had bought the additional 5.5 million common shares from Feb. 3 through yesterday, including almost 3 million shares bought yesterday. It paid a total of $272.5 million for the shares, for an average price of $49.37 a share, and accounted for 47 percent of the volume in Salomon during the period. Before the purchases, Berkshire controlled 14.7 percent of the company's voting power.
The purchases raised Berkshire's stake to 6 million common shares and 700,000 preferred shares, which can be converted into an additional 18.4 million common shares. Berkshire has received antitrust clearance to raise its stake in Salomon to as high as 24.9 percent.
In trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday, Salomon's stock rose 50 cents, to $49.625, on volume of 3.5 million shares, most of it purchased by Berkshire. Shares of Berkshire fell $50, to $15,300. The purchases were disclosed after the end of trading.
Berkshire originally became involved with Salomon in 1987, when it bought the preferred stock for $700 million as a friendly investor. Salomon was then facing a possible takeover attempt by Ronald O. Perelman, the head of Revlon Inc., and it agreed to pay an extraordinarily high dividend rate of 9 percent on the issue. It is convertible into common stock at $38 per share.
Berkshire bought its first common stock in Salomon last November, buying 495,200 shares for more than $21 million.  COMPANY NEWS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>ALTMAN--George. 85, of Forest Hills. Beloved husband of the late Norma. Dear brother of the late Simon, David, William, Morris, Abe and Ida. Loving uncle. Services Wednesday, 10:30am, Beth Moses Cemetery. Info: ''Wien and Wien''. 800-322-0533<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>SCHNELWAR - Jeannette. Be loved wife of the late Samuel. Devoted mother of Alan and Hedy, Bruce and Lynn. Cherished grandmother of Lisa and Merritt, Sheryl and Michael, Neil and Rachel, Steven and Euphemia and Andrew and Natasha and greatgrandmother of Miles, Jessa, Jacob and Adam. Services Sunday, 1:30 PM at Riverside-Nassau North Chapels, 55 North Station Plaza, Great Neck, NY.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: A Manhattan judge yesterday upheld a $15,000 fine against a dentist accused of discriminating against patients with AIDS.
A Manhattan judge yesterday upheld a $15,000 fine against a dentist accused of discriminating against patients with AIDS.
The New York City Human Rights Commission had found that Dr. Lawrence Barton, of 57 West 58th Street, had discriminated by directing Dr. John Wolf, a dentist who rented space in Dr. Barton's office, to limit his treatment of people with AIDS. Dr. Wolf brought the action against Dr. Barton, who said he feared losing business and workers if too many AIDS patients came to the office.
Justice Helen Freedman of State Supreme Court agreed with the commission's ruling, saying it was clear that ''Dr. Barton did not want AIDS patients treated in his office, except in emergency situations and on rare occasions.'' She added, ''Customer preference can never be the basis for discrimination.''
Dr. Wolf, who moved his 800-patient practice to 147 West 58th Street, was awarded $15,000 for mental anguish.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The state is acquiring 88 acres of new parkland in Mount Pleasant along the Hudson River from the Laurance S. Rockefeller Fund. The property, called Rockwood Hall, is one of the few large tracts of undeveloped space on the lower Hudson River and affords views south along the Hudson River to New York City and north to Bear Mountain.
The Rockefeller Fund plans to donate one-half interest in the property to the state and its remaining half to the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in Manhattan. Subject to final approval by its board of managers, Memorial Sloan-Kettering will then sell its half interest in the property, which has been appraised at $26.8 million, to the state. As a result of the fund's gift and the purchase agreement, the state will acquire the entire property at half of its fair market value, using money from the Environmental Protection Fund.
Mr. Rockefeller has for many years made the property available to the public for hiking, fishing, and other recreational uses.
The Schulman Realty Group is buying a 60-acre tract of Rockefeller land, mostly in Tarrytown but with about 11 acres in Sleepy Hollow on which it plans to build homes, said Robert W. D. Snyder, president of the Greenrock Corporation., which manages Mr. Rockefeller's property. Most of that property is zoned for one-acre lots.
IN BRIEF<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>This city, which proclaims itself the Live Music Capital of the World, knows all there is to know about the rock 'n' roll benefit concert. But a colorful nightclub owner named Clifford Antone is making sure that Austin doesn't forget about the recent double-bill of disasters.
''People think it's over -- it's not over,'' Mr. Antone said emphatically. ''I want everybody to stay aware that there's still people with no food and electricity all through Texas.''
At 6 feet and 240 pounds, Mr. Antone cuts an imposing figure, often in an untucked dress shirt. His blues bar, Antone's, now in its fourth location, has been a staple of the Austin music scene for 30 years -- though at times it has been upstaged by its owner. Mr. Antone has served two prison terms, one in the 1980's for possessing marijuana and another from 2000 to 2002 for dealing more than 9,000 pounds of the drug and laundering money.
Since Hurricane Katrina, he has organized four relief concerts in various halls, collecting more than $250,000 for charities including the American Red Cross.
''I want all these musicians to donate their time, big or small,'' Mr. Antone said. Headliners for the Sept. 21 concert, the biggest so far, included Willie Nelson, the Neville Brothers and the guitarist Eric Johnson. ''The people in the most trouble are those in poverty, and that's who we're trying to help.''
Mr. Antone, 55, has a personal link to the destruction caused by Hurricanes Katrina and Rita. He was born and raised in Port Arthur, Tex., near the Louisiana border, and still does not know how the graves of his parents and other relatives there fared, because residents have not been allowed to return yet.
''It's very hurtful; it brings up memories,'' he said. ''You hope they didn't get wiped out.''
Growing up, he witnessed his share of natural disasters, he said, including Hurricanes Audrey and Carla. He also saw plenty of musical wonders as a teenager, visiting clubs in nearby Vinton, La. ''That's where I heard all the great music, across the Sabine River,'' he said.
In the late 1960's, he moved to Austin's ''new hip scene,'' he said, to attend the University of Texas, where he now teaches a survey course in blues and rock 'n' roll. Since his nightclub opened in 1975 with an impressive first act, the zydeco musician Clifton Chenier, Antone's has showcased greats like Muddy Waters and Albert King, and became well known as the home club of the legendary guitarist Stevie Ray Vaughan.
Mr. Antone said his parents left him a desire to help people in need. ''That's what drives me,'' he said. ''You count your blessings.''
NATHAN LEVY
STORM AND CRISIS: VOICES FROM THE STORM<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: An article yesterday about the experimental use of the drug alpha interferon to treat AIDS misidentified the newsletter that reported the findings. It was Biotechnology Newswatch, not Biotechnology Newsletter.
An article yesterday about the experimental use of the drug alpha interferon to treat AIDS misidentified the newsletter that reported the findings. It was Biotechnology Newswatch, not Biotechnology Newsletter.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: A 61-year-old union organizer, reputed to be an organized-crime figure, was found shot dead yesterday afternoon in his automobile parked in front of his home in Brooklyn, the police said.
A 61-year-old union organizer, reputed to be an organized-crime figure, was found shot dead yesterday afternoon in his automobile parked in front of his home in Brooklyn, the police said.
The body of the organizer, Vincent J. Rotondo, was found in the driver's seat of his 1988 Lincoln with a gunshot wound in his left eye, said a police spokesman, Sgt. Edward Burns. The car was parked in front of 2356 Royce Street in the Flatlands section, where Mr. Rotondo lived.
Mr. Rotondo, who has been described by Rudolph W. Giuliani, the United States Attorney in Manhattan, as a captain in the DeCavalcante organized-crime family, had served for more than 20 years as an organizer for Local 1814 of the International Longshoremen's Association in Brooklyn. In 1985, he was indicted on charges of racketeering in connection with a loan-sharking scheme but was acquitted in Federal District Court in Manhattan.
His body was found when a passer-by called the police. A bag of fish was reportedly found on his lap. In underworld lore, fish are used to designate an informer or a mob member who has dishonored himself.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Troy Aikman officially became the Dallas Cowboys' starting quarterback, beating out Steve Walsh in the duel of the high-priced rookies. Aikman, the first player taken in last April's draft, was introduced with the starting offensive unit in the Cowboys' exhibition game with Houston last night. That was the method that the new coach, Jimmy Johnson, had said he would use to make known his decision on which quarterback would start in Dallas's season-opener at New Orleans next
Troy Aikman officially became the Dallas Cowboys' starting quarterback, beating out Steve Walsh in the duel of the high-priced rookies. Aikman, the first player taken in last April's draft, was introduced with the starting offensive unit in the Cowboys' exhibition game with Houston last night. That was the method that the new coach, Jimmy Johnson, had said he would use to make known his decision on which quarterback would start in Dallas's season-opener at New Orleans next Sunday.
Aikman was greeted by cheers from a large crowd at Texas Stadium, and it was no surprise. ''He made some throws that Steve couldn't make,'' Johnson said in a television interview taped before the game. ''I think both of them have played well.''
Aikman signed an $11.037 million, six-year contract last spring. Walsh, chosen by the Cowboys as the second player over all in the supplemental draft, signed a four-year contract for slightly more than $4 million.(AP)  SPORTS PEOPLE<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>THE NOISY GIANTS' TEA PARTY
By Kate McMullan and Jim McMullan. Illustrated by Jim McMullan. Unpaged. New York: Michael di Capua Books/ HarperCollins Publishers.
DREAMS have always fascinated the authors of children's books, and for good reason: they also fascinate children. Who knows what wonderful place you may visit after you fall asleep? The cleverest writers have offered suggestions: down a rabbit hole and into Wonderland, across the sea to "where the wild things are" or, in this new picture book, to an unusual tea party that is anything but genteel.
"The Noisy Giants' Tea Party," by Kate McMullan and Jim McMullan, presents the adventures of a spunky little boy on his way to bed. The McMullans' sleepyhead, Andrew -- a spiritual friend of Maurice Sendak's Max, perhaps -- ends up in a place that's scary enough to be interesting, but not so intimidating that he can't ultimately take charge. And children looking at the book, recognizing that it's all a dream, can follow enthusiastically without fearing for their hero's fate.
The McMullans, however, have added original twists to this familiar scenario. First, there is nothing pastoral about Andrew's experience. The setting is indeed a jungle, but the one most apartment dwellers are familiar with: the city in all its urban congestion. As Andrew tries to fall asleep, the street below his window teems with taxicabs, moving vans, fire trucks and boisterous pedestrians. Nor is the bedroom itself silent. Andrew is the proud owner of Botch and Danga, who, being gerbils, are prone to nocturnal activity. They're busy moving things around their glass pen "as if they were expecting important company."
And they are. In his dream, Andrew becomes the guest of Botch and Danga, who have transmogrified into long-nosed human giants who look like relatives of Jimmy Durante. Amusingly, their raucous festivities incorporate each sound the boy hears in his sleep. As a couple angrily bang on the hood of a cab, Andrew dreams that more giants are arriving: "party crashers." Honking horns translate into pet geese, while screeching tires become pigs on leashes.
The book is designed so that children can play a game of figuring out which sound has triggered which image. The dream unfolds in a kind of colored cartoon bubble that fills the middle and upper part of each page, while a monochrome sketch below depicts what is actually happening on the street.
Mr. McMullan, who has illustrated posters for a number of New York theatrical productions, including "Anything Goes," "Six Degrees of Separation" and, most recently, "The Sisters Rosensweig," draws his characters with a sinewy completeness not often seen in books for children. In fact, the giants, with their muscle shirts and slicked-back hair, have a theatricality of their own, rather resembling the chorus of "Grease." They are fleshy and funny and not at all frightening. And the illustrator's muddy palette, reminiscent of Edward Hopper's, goes well with the urban grittiness of the theme.
Ms. McMullan, the author of a variety of children's books, has collaborated with her husband on an equally comic text. The giants announce their fondness for thin cucumber sandwiches while pounding the same with a mallet. Andrew is finally able to quiet the group by singing them a hilarious lullaby that is a parody of "Rock-a-Bye Baby." Best of all, though, is Botch's retort when Andrew asks him if he can't be quieter: "
Mice
are quiet, my boy. We are
loud
!"
No one who has lived with gerbils, children or New York neighbors would argue with that.
Laurel Graeber is the author of "Are You Dying for a Drink? Teenagers and Alcohol Abuse" and "Color: Natural Palettes for Painted Rooms."<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Stephen Shadegg, a political campaign manager who was regarded as the alter ego of Senator Barry Goldwater in the Senator's unsuccessful quest for the Presidency in 1964, died after a long illness on April 16 at his home in Phoenix. He was 80 years old.
Stephen Shadegg, a political campaign manager who was regarded as the alter ego of Senator Barry Goldwater in the Senator's unsuccessful quest for the Presidency in 1964, died after a long illness on April 16 at his home in Phoenix. He was 80 years old.
Mr. Shadegg was active in politics for more than four decades and helped elect many influential figures to public office in Arizona. As Mr. Goldwater's campaign manager in 1952, he helped the former department-store executive upset Ernest McFarland, the Senate Democratic leader, to win the first of five terms in the Senate.
In 1960 Mr. Shadegg was elected chairman of Arizona's Republican Party and for three years wrote a nationally syndicated newspaper column that carried Senator Goldwater's byline.
In Mr. Goldwater's unsuccessful run for the Presidency against Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964, Mr. Shadegg served as Western regional director of the Goldwater forces. He was acknowledged as the person closest to the Senator in philosophy and as the craftsman of the Goldwater image as a staunch conservative.
Mr. Shadegg had been a registered Democrat and once served as campaign manager for Senator Carl Hayden of Arizona, a Democrat who served more than 50 years in the Senate. In 1962, by then a Republican, Mr. Shadegg let Senator Goldwater persuade him to run in the Republican primary for the seat held by Senator Hayden.
Mr. Shadegg lost to Evan Mecham, later Arizona's Governor, in a bitter contest in which Senator Goldwater was publicly neutral. Mr. Shadegg later said he had felt ''terribly let down'' by the Senator's stance.
Mr. Shadegg, born in Minneapolis, was also a freelance writer who wrote more than 500 stories for detective magazines. After moving to Arizona in 1937 he wrote radio scripts and later spent two years in Hollywood writing scripts for RKO Pictures.
But politics became his passion and he managed more than 40 campaigns for local, state and national offices.
Mr. Shadegg's wife, the former Eugenia Kerr, died two years before him. He is survived by two sons, Stephen of Tucson and John of Phoenix; and two daughters, Cynthia Ackel of Tempe and Eugenia Johnson of Phoenix.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>CBS will announce a deal with Bill Cosby today for his first new situation comedy since his "Cosby Show" was television's biggest hit in the 1980's.
The deal, which will reunite Mr. Cosby with the production team of Marcy Carsey and Tom Werner, is one of the biggest financial commitments made by a network in recent years, said a senior executive at a rival network. The agreement guarantees the new show a two-year run on CBS.
Executives at the network declined yesterday to discuss the terms of the deal, but they confirmed several details published yesterday in The Hollywood Reporter, the entertainment trade publication.
Mr. Cosby's new comedy, which will go on the air next fall, will be based on  a British sitcom called "One Foot in the Grave," which concerns a curmudgeonly man's struggles with the irritations of everyday life after ending a professional career. More details of the deal and the series are scheduled to be announced today at a news conference at CBS.
A senior CBS executive said yesterday that the announcement "sends a message  about the new Westinghouse ownership," referring to the recent acquisition of CBS Inc. by the Westinghouse Electric Corporation. The Westinghouse chairman, Michael H. Jordan, said at a news conference announcing the new CBS management team on Tuesday that the network would be backed by the financial resources it needed to turn around a ratings decline that has sharply reduced profits at CBS  over the last two years.
Mr. Cosby and the idea for his new comedy had been sought by every network, including NBC, which has been the home of Mr. Cosby's previous hits on television. Mr. Cosby's relationship with NBC goes back to the 1960's, when his first series, "I Spy," was a hit.
An executive for the NBC entertainment division said yesterday that the network was "very interested" in the Cosby comedy, but that CBS had simply made  a better offer.
According to an executive familiar with the CBS deal, the commitment includes heavy penalty payments from CBS to Mr. Cosby and his producers if the show is removed before 44 episodes -- two years' worth -- have been broadcast.
If the show is canceled before the end of two years, CBS has committed itself to broadcasting another series produced by Mr. Cosby and his partners, the executive said.
Networks seldom offer commitments beyond 13 episodes to new series. But when  a network is especially short of hit shows, it might make a deal for up to a full year's run.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>About 180 cars disappear in the United States every hour. Talented "chop shop" crews can skeletonize a stolen one in 10 minutes or less. But the insurance industry is even quicker. "We've had a team of professionals do it in 7 minutes and 44 seconds," says Dave Warstler of Allstate.
He is the director of the company's safety program, and he wants people to know how quick the bad guys are. His three-man auto dismantling team has been giving performances from coast to coast for five years, "usually at the request of local police departments." The three auto body technicians use only hand tools. They remove hoods, front ends, hubcaps, wheels, tires, radios, trunk lids, seats, headlights and anything else that might sell. "They leave the kind of stripped-down hulk you see along the West Side Highway," Warstler says.
Naturally, the shows provide a great incentive to buy insurance.  SUNDAY, JANUARY 15, 1995<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Re ''Still Fearsome, Mother Courage Gets a Makeover'' [Aug. 6]:
In his article on the Public Theater production of Brecht's ''Mother Courage and Her Children,'' Jonathan Kalb implies that until now mainstream talents have shied away from the play here. But on Broadway, in 1963, there was a production directed by a mainstream personality, Jerome Robbins. He shared the conviction of Oskar Eustis and Tony Kushner, who are involved in the new ''Mother Courage,'' that the original score was all wrong, and he tried in vain to enlist Leonard Bernstein and Stephen Sondheim. The show closed quickly. Perhaps the problem was in trying to put over a play with an Off Broadway sensibility in a Broadway house. Let's hope the Public has better luck in the park.
Amanda Vaill  Manhattan
The writer is the author of ''Somewhere,'' a biography of Jerome Robbins to be published in November by Broadway Books.
'MOTHER COURAGE'<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The Procter & Gamble Company said it was redesigning its logo, which the company said had prompted false rumors linking it with the Devil. The logo -- a bearded man in a crescent moon surrounded by stars -- will continue to be the company's registered trademark, the company said, but the curly hairs in the man's beard that look like the number 6 will be eliminated. The sixes helped fuel the rumors because the number 666 is linked with the Devil in the Book of Revelation in the Bible. The company also said it was adopting two new corporate logos, a scriptlike "Procter & Gamble" and "P.& G."
COMPANY NEWS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>After years of shameful recalcitrance, New York will take the lead in the nation's effort to combat sex and labor trafficking with a new law that targets this modern form of slavery. The issue is an urgent one. Each year, thousands of people are brought into the United States -- often through New York -- to be used for forced sex or labor. Yet New York has lagged behind at least two dozen states in enacting laws to go after the traffickers and help their victims.
Federal law enforcement tends to focus on the largest trafficking rings rather than local brothels and sweatshops, and federal efforts need bolstering in any case. But attempts over the last two years to pass anti-trafficking legislation in New York ended in failure. Assembly Democrats resisted imposing tough new criminal penalties, and the Republican Senate objected to providing services for trafficking victims. Given Albany's penchant for partisan gridlock, the deadlock might have continued for many more years absent a muscular nudge from Gov. Eliot Spitzer. The result is being applauded by both prosecutors and victims' advocates and will give the state one of the strongest anti-trafficking laws in the country.
A conviction for sex trafficking would bring a penalty of 3 to 25 years in prison while labor trafficking would be punishable by three to seven years. Coercing victims into prostitution by force would be treated as a felony sex trafficking offense, as would luring victims with promises of jobs or by providing them with illegal drugs. Language added at Mr. Spitzer's behest also takes aim at ''prostitution tourism,'' clarifying that selling travel-related services to facilitate prostitution abroad is a felony.
The law would improve training to help police and prosecutors recognize trafficking, and expand the availability of social services, such as temporary housing and health care, to trafficking victims.
The measure is not perfect. It does not include the proposed Safe Harbor law, which would place young children exploited by pimps and johns in safe houses, instead of sending them to the juvenile equivalent of prison. Still it's a significant milestone. The Legislature should lose no time in formally voting on it, and send it to Mr. Spitzer for his signature.
Editorial<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>THIS WEEK<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The plot was audacious. An imprisoned crime boss known as the Snake ordered the killing of a former mob prosecutor who he thought had been disrespectful. It was the kind of Mafia hit that, according to the lore of La Cosa Nostra, is forbidden.
But a pair of brothers who were hit men botched the job, prosecutors said in a sweeping indictment yesterday. The two did not kill the former prosecutor -- they killed his father, the indictment says. And that was the start of a mob saga with an escalating body count.
It was 1987. The order to kill was made by Carmine Persico, the jailed boss of the Colombo family, according to prosecutors. They said he gave his instruction to Joel Cacace, seen by prosecutors as an ambitious mobster. The target was a former federal prosecutor, William I. Aronwald, prosecutors in Brooklyn said.
But, in a mistake of near biblical proportions, the hit men found and tracked not William, the intended victim, but his father, George M. Aronwald, 78. They shot him to death in a laundry near his home in Queens, and after the botched assignment, Mr. Cacace had his hit men killed, prosecutors said.
Then, they added, he had the hit men who had killed the hit men killed.
Mr. Cacace, they said, is now the acting boss of the Colombo family. He was charged with a variety of crimes in a racketeering indictment yesterday -- including the murder of Mr. Aronwald and the killing of the two hit men who killed the first hit men.
There is a subplot. Mr. Cacace eventually married the widow of one of the original hit men. Still later, she ended up with another husband who himself would be murdered, an off-duty police officer whose 1997 slaying has remained one of the city's most puzzling -- along with the killing of George Aronwald.
Yesterday, Raymond W. Kelly, the police commissioner, said he hoped that because of arrests in the case, investigators would get information on the 1997 killing of the officer, Ralph C. Dols.
One of the most tangled Mafia stories to be unveiled in a long time came with the announcement yesterday of the charges against Mr. Cacace and 12 other men, including murder allegations and a host of bread-and-butter mob crimes such as extortion and gambling.
But it was the mistaken killing of Mr. Aronwald, with its haunting twists, that was at the center of the case.
''Murders are never forgotten,'' said Roslynn R. Mauskopf, the United States attorney in Brooklyn, as she stood with a knot of law enforcement officials who declared that they had cracked a case that had eluded them for 16 years.
The prosecutors said that Mr. Persico had been angered by Mr. Aronwald, who was a top federal organized crime prosecutor in Manhattan. They supplied few details of the source of that ire but said they had two cooperating witnesses who were at the center of the events.
Yesterday, Mr. Aronwald, now 62 and a prominent defense lawyer in White Plains, said he was perplexed that Mr. Persico, whom he did not personally prosecute, had apparently found him disrespectful. There had always been suspicions, he said, that the killing of his father involved people hunting for him.
''It's difficult under any circumstances,'' he said with his voice cracking a few minutes after he learned the specifics of the prosecutors' new charges. ''But it makes it more difficult when he was basically an innocent victim of something that was intended for me. That just makes it more painful.''
He said he could not figure out what had provoked Mr. Persico. Among only a handful of Colombo cases he handled, he said, was one against Mr. Persico's brother, Alphonse, who was known as Allie Boy. But that case, he said, ended with an acquittal.
A lawyer for Mr. Cacace, Michael L. Macklowitz, said yesterday that he would not comment on the charges.
In a filing yesterday, the federal prosecutors in Brooklyn said that Mr. Persico gave his assassination order to Mr. Cacace, a member of the crime family who was climbing its ranks. Mr. Cacace, they said, personally scouted Mr. Aronwald's father's law office in Manhattan. In addition to a small private law practice, the senior Mr. Aronwald also worked as an administrative law judge for the city, ruling on challenges to parking tickets.
Trying yesterday to reconstruct how the mistake was made, the younger Mr. Aronwald said yesterday that his name, too, was listed at his father's law office.
The prosecutors said that after scouting the law office, Mr. Cacace turned the job over to three men. Two were brothers who were in the Colombo family, Vincent and Eddie Carini. The third, the prosecutors said, is now one of their witnesses against Mr. Cacace.
A second witness, the prosecutors said, told them that leaders of organized crime were angered about the Aronwald killing and ordered the Carini brothers killed. ''Cacace carried out those orders,'' the prosecutors said their witness told them.
Though the prosecutors did not mention it, news accounts have disclosed that Mr. Cacace had an unusual tie to the brothers that made him a suspect, apart from their role in the Aronwald killing.
Eddie, who was also known as Enrico, was married to Kim T. Kennaugh, who was then 28. After Mr. Carini's death, Mr. Cacace married her. After they separated, she married Officer Dols, who was killed a decade after the Carini brothers were murdered. For years, the police have been saying that they had noted Mr. Cacace's central role in that tangle of relationships and were investigating.
Back in 1987, the prosecutors said yesterday, Mr. Cacace did not stop with the killing of the brothers. One of their witnesses, they said, told them that a Luchese family soldier, Carmine Variale, and a Bonanno family associate, Frank Santora , killed the brothers on instructions from Mr. Cacace. In the car on the way back from the brothers' funeral, the prosecutors said, Mr. Cacace, pointed out Mr. Variale to a man in the car with him. The two went off to get a gun to kill him, they said, but did not find him that day.
Later, according to the prosecutors, in broad daylight outside a Bath Avenue social club in Brooklyn on Sept. 23, 1987, the man who had been in the car that day killed Mr. Variale and Mr. Santora. Now, they said, he is one of the witnesses against Mr. Cacace.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The Jerry & Ketchum unit of Ketchum Communications in New York has been awarded three accounts with combined billings estimated at more than $15 million: the Union Camp Corporation, Ruff Hewn and Speedo Authentic Fitness, affiliated with Warnaco Inc. Separately, Warnaco awarded assignments to another New York agency, Balet & Albert.
For Union Camp, the paper maker based in Wayne, N.J., Jerry & Ketchum becomes the first agency to handle its account. A three-month review also included the Martin Agency in Richmond, a unit of the Interpublic Group of Companies, and the New York office of Young & Rubicam Inc.
Ruff Hewn, the apparel marketer in New York, was previously handled by McKinney & Silver in Raleigh, N.C. A two-month review also included three other undisclosed shops.
The account for Speedo, also in New York, includes swimwear and the Speedo Authentic Fitness retail chain; it was most recently at Wieden & Kennedy in Portland, Ore. There was no review.
The assignments that Warnaco awarded to Balet & Albert were for undisclosed new products, including brand and creative development. The billings were not disclosed.  THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING -- ADDENDA<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Americans agree on two goals in Cambodia: First, Vietnam should end its occupation and let Cambodians choose their own government. Second, no solution is morally tolerable if it permits a return to power by Pol Pot and the mass murderers of the Khmer Rouge. Now a whirl of diplomacy has brought the first goal in sight.
Americans agree on two goals in Cambodia: First, Vietnam should end its occupation and let Cambodians choose their own government. Second, no solution is morally tolerable if it permits a return to power by Pol Pot and the mass murderers of the Khmer Rouge. Now a whirl of diplomacy has brought the first goal in sight. There's no worthier challenge for the new Bush Administration than to make sure the Khmer Rouge gets no chance to wreak new horrors on a shattered nation.
War weariness, changing geopolitics and a desire for regional commerce have combined to dissolve Southeast Asia's bitterest enmities. Signs now point to a deal in which Vietnam would withdraw its troops from Cambodia by fall and China would simultaneously cease aid to the Khmer Rouge.
It is in this context that a ranking Hanoi negotiator last week visited Beijing and that Hun Sen, Cambodia's Vietnamese-backed leader, this week traveled to Bangkok. Yet lamentably missing is evidence of real concern among outside negotiators for the fate of Cambodia's people. Energetic American diplomacy is needed.
The Soviet Union is pressuring Vietnam to withdraw from Cambodia, thereby enabling Moscow to improve ties with Beijing. A straitened Vietnam wants to wind up a costly war that has deprived it of trade with thriving neighbors. Thailand is eager to shed the burden of Cambodian refugee camps and revive regional commerce.
So all parties are moving toward an accord establishing an interim regime, with some kind of international body to monitor withdrawal and transition. But none of these actors seem overly concerned about the wishes and interests of Cambodians. That's one reason for this week's protest by Cambodia's former chief of state, Prince Sihanouk, that he would not swallow whole a peace plan concocted by Hanoi's client regime. Since the Prince is everybody's choice to head an interim government, he has some leverage. The trick is to help him while keeping from power the Khmer Rouge's 40,000 well-armed guerrillas, by far the strongest indigenous military force.
In the rush to reconcile different outside needs, various formulas are thrown up that collapse on scrutiny. For example, it is conveniently argued that young Khmer Rouge leaders, supposedly untainted by Pol Pot, would be acceptable in an interim coalition. More likely they would be stand-ins for the old clique thirsting for vengeance in new killing fields.
The Khmer Rouge's genocidal atrocities between 1975 and 1978 are a matter of grisly record. It tears at any sense of decency to condone giving Pol Pot's guerrillas any share of power. Congress so expressed itself, unanimously. So did Ronald Reagan. It would be timely and right for President Bush to appoint a top diplomat to work to prevent another Khmer Rouge crime against humanity.
Outsiders, including the United States, share blame for Pol Pot's original accession to power in 1975. The world cannot plead ignorance if it negligently allows a recurrence.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Jacinda Doreen Isley, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Charles H. Isley of Raleigh, N.C., was married there yesterday to Alfred Nicholas Purrington, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Alfred L. Purrington 3d, also of Raleigh. The Rev. Dr. William C. Simpson Jr. officiated at the Edenton Street United Methodist Church.
The bride, 28, is a medical student at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. She graduated from Davidson College. The bridegroom, also 28, is known as Nick. He is an associate at Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy, the New York law firm. He graduated from Princeton University and received a law degree from Georgetown University.  WEDDINGS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>YEN SLIDES. The yen slumped on a report of a bigger-than-expected drop in Japanese industrial production in November. In New York, the dollar settled at 114.35 yen, up from 113.63 on Tuesday.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
I was puzzled by the article about people leaving Long Island because of housing prices and taxes (''They're Moving Out,'' April 3). Obviously someone is buying the homes these people are leaving, so why didn't the article talk about why people are buying homes for half a million dollars in Northport, Springs and Rockville Centre?
The article makes it seem that no one wants to live on Long Island anymore, but there are plenty of us who think that Long Island, with all of its difficulties, is still a great place to live and raise a family.
I also found the tone of some of the people interviewed offensive. I don't need to move to North Carolina to find a ''deeper value system,'' and I don't need to be lectured about values by someone who seems fixated on clothes and cars.
Bernard Kilkelly  Lynbrook<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>In "At Northport Watering Hole, Kerouac Was Just Another Drinker"  [ Sept. 13 ] , Patrick Fenton neglected to mention Truman Capote's flip dismissal of Kerouac's work as follows, "That's not writing, that's typing." While this evaluation was not without merit, I must agree with Mike McGrady, quoted by Fenton as having declared Kerouac "important." Certainly, "On the Road" was a faithful depiction of youthful despair over the order of things as they saw it. McGrady's praise is not to be taken lightly, coming as it does from a serious journalist ("A Dove in Vietnam") and mastermind of the boffo sex spoof "Naked Came the Stranger." I would add that Capote was a bit of a poseur himself, his enormous gifts notwithstanding. His professed invention a new genre, the fictional biography (or whatever exactly he called it) with "In Cold Blood" was really a veiled excuse for not having to be accurate.  EWIN RITCHIE Elmont<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
I am concerned over your coverage of the surreptitious pasting of Margery Cohen's art in the advertisement spaces of the 181st Street subway station (Neighborhood Report, June 4 and June 11).
The work was applied with a strong adhesive over the entire length of the uptown and downtown platforms. Her acts were illegal. She asked for a permit and it was denied. So she got a permit to videotape the installation of the artwork she was denied a permit to install.
She and her posse of a dozen friends and relatives should be fined for littering and also be made to pay for the removal of the artwork. The removal left the freshly painted advertisement spaces much worse for wear because the adhesive pulled away some of the paint. Any proceeds she may get from selling the videotape should be given to the M.T.A.
DAVID J. MONDERER  Washington Heights<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: The KDI Corporation said it had sold three of its businesses for a total of $34.2 million in cash. KDI said it had agreed to sell its two chemical distribution businesses, the Nerbert-Verkamp-Calvert Chemical Company and the M. J. Daly Company - to an investor group that includes the president of the unit, Dean Gaudin.
The KDI Corporation said it had sold three of its businesses for a total of $34.2 million in cash. KDI said it had agreed to sell its two chemical distribution businesses, the Nerbert-Verkamp-Calvert Chemical Company and the M. J. Daly Company - to an investor group that includes the president of the unit, Dean Gaudin. In addition, the company said it would sell its KDI Composite Technology Inc. unit to Allied-Signal Inc. The three units had total sales of $45.5 million in 1986, the company said.
COMPANY NEWS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The admission of North and South Korea into the United Nations was the dominant theme of the 12th annual Korean Parade in Manhattan, which drew thousands of onlookers and marchers yesterday to Broadway.
The sentiment that the United Nations' decision to admit the countries would lead to an eventual reunification of the once-warring nations seemed almost unanimous among the thousands of people who lined Broadway from 41st Street to 23d Street for the traditional procession of dignitaries, bands and fan-dancers.
The Korean Folk Music & Dance Company, one of the first groups in the parade, held a banner that read: "Congratulations: South and North Korea on Admission to the U.N."
"Now we can hope for reunification," said Han Hiung, who lives in Seoul, South Korea, and was visiting New York as a tourist yesterday. Likened to Germany
The Security Council approved the separate memberships on Aug. 8. On Tuesday, the full United Nations approved the memberships of the two Koreas, as well as the admission of Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, the Marshall Islands and Micronesia. Both South Korea and North Korea had previously held nonvoting observer status in the United Nations.
"The United Nations decision -- it's like it's getting closer to reunification -- like West Germany," said Christopher Lin, a theater director from the Upper West Side of Manhattan, who was also director of the parade. Hope for Future
As Mr. Lin spoke, a danshim bong, a sort of movable maypole with multicolored ribbons, passed by, followed by the Korean Farmers Percussion Troupe and the Tae Kwon Do Association of Greater New York.
"It feels like we have a better chance than ever before," he added.
The parade, which was part of the Korea Week celebrations proclaimed by Mayor David N. Dinkins, featured 20 floats and 1,500 marchers. Mr. Dinkins marched in the parade wearing a chokori, a traditional outfit once worn by many Koreans.
The celebration of Korean culture continues on Wednesday night when there will be a Korean Festival of Music and Dance at Carnegie Hall, featuring a Buddhist monk dance and a grand chorus of drums.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The following equity and convertible debt offerings are expected this week:
Aquapenn Spring Water Co., Milesburg, Pa., an initial public offering of 4.1 million shares. Paine Webber Inc.
Boston Properties, Boston, 15 million shares, 12 million in the United States and Canada. Goldman, Sachs & Co.
Brandywine Realty Trust, Newton Square, Pa., 10 million shares. Salomon Smith Barney.
Cabot Industrial Trust, Boston, an initial public offering of 7.5 million shares of beneficial interest. J. P. Morgan Securities.
Career Education Corp., Hoffman Estates, Ill., an initial public offering of 2.9 million shares. Credit Suisse First Boston.
Eagle USA Airfreight, Houston, 1.5 million shares. Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette.
Eldertrust, Kennett Square, Pa., an initial public offering of 6.1 million shares, 4.8 million in the United States and Canada. Merrill Lynch & Co.
Engle Homes, Boca Raton, Fla., 2.7 million shares. Salomon Smith Barney.
First Sierra Financial, Houston, 3.4 million shares. Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.
Forsoft Ltd., Herzliya, Israel, three million common shares. UBS Securities.
Hawk Corp., Cleveland, an initial public offering of 5.1 million class A shares. Schroder & Co.
Hawker Pacific Aerospace, Sun Valley, Calif., an initial public offering of 2.8 million shares. Everen Securities.
IDT Corp., Hackensack, N.J., 4.1 million shares. BT Alex. Brown.
Integrated Electrical Services, Houston, an initial public offering of seven million shares, 5.6 million in the United States and Canada. Merrill Lynch.
Jinpan International Ltd., Haikou, Hainan, China, an initial public offering of 1.1 million shares. Laidlaw Holdings Inc.
Keebler Foods, Elmhurst, Ill., an initial public offering of 11.5 million shares, 9.2 million in the United States and Canada. Credit Suisse First Boston.
Mercury Computer Systems, Chelmsford, Mass., an initial public offering of 3.5 million shares. Prudential Securities.
Merge Technologies, Milwaukee, an initial public offering of 1.9 million shares. Wainwright.
Merrill Lynch & Co., 1.8 million structured yield product exchange for stock due in 2001. Merrill Lynch.
Moog Inc., East Aurora, N.Y., two million class A shares. Morgan Stanley, Dean Witter, Discover.
Municipal Mortgage and Equity, Baltimore, three million shares. Legg Mason Wood Walker Inc.
Nationwide Staffing, Houston, an initial public offering of 3.8 million shares. Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette.
Ontro Inc., Poway, Calif., an initial public offering of four million units, consisting of one common share and one redeemable warrant. Joe Charles.
Pamarco Technologies, New Providence, N.J., an initial public offering of 2.8 million shares. Everen Securities.
Pentegra Dental Group, Phoenix, an initial public offering of 2.5 million shares. Lehman Brothers.
Pharmacyclics Inc., Sunnyvale, Calif., 1.8 million shares. Hambrecht & Quist.
Schawk Inc., Des Plaines, Ill., three million class A shares. Lehman Brothers.
Spire Corp., Boston, 1.5 million shares. Tucker Anthony Inc.
Steven Myers & Associates, Newport Beach, Calif., an initial public offering of 3.2 million shares. Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette.
Synergis Technologies, Cincinnati, an initial public offering of 2.6 million shares. Robinson-Humphrey Co.
Travis International, Houston, an initial public offering of three million shares. A. G. Edwards & Sons.
Verisign Inc., Mountain View, Calif., an initial public offering of three million shares. Morgan Stanley, Dean Witter, Discover.
Source: MCM Corporatewatch.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: * The Business World, a business magazine of The New York Times, will become a quarterly next year. The Business World, which is published on Sunday as a second part of The New York Times Magazine, will appear three times this year.
* The Business World, a business magazine of The New York Times, will become a quarterly next year. The Business World, which is published on Sunday as a second part of The New York Times Magazine, will appear three times this year.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>ULICH--George F. Helen Keller Service for the Blind mourns the loss of our longtime board member and former treasurer. Fred McPhilliamy, Pres. Lawrence Wizel, Chairman<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>While governors complain and Congressional leaders dither, the Democratic Party is wending its way through the primaries to a convention coronation in July and certain defeat in November. Most rank-and-file Democrats have decided to ignore this bizarre process, which has produced losers four of the five times since it was concocted in 1972. These Democrats want a winner, and polls show many believe they see one coming. His name is Ross Perot.
For the record, Mr. Perot says he's an independent. By that he only means he has supported candidates of both parties. But his positions on specific issues -- abortion, gay rights, taxes, the deficit, free trade, America's role in the world -- make it clear that he's a Democrat. Granted, he's the kind of Democrat we haven't seen in a while, in the mold of Lyndon Johnson and Henry Jackson, but that's precisely the candidate the Democrats need and that their primary process never seems to be able to produce.
In fact, Ross Perot has the potential to be the Democrats' Ronald Reagan: the anti-Establishment, pro-business candidate whose argument for an overhaul of the nation's agenda is made with great personal charm and an expert use of television.
A simple Reagan-Perot comparison ought to lead the Democratic National Committee to reconsider whether it wants to hold a convention at all:
A fixed theme.
The pundits and press corps derided Mr. Reagan's simple message, and they snickered when they discovered he actually believed it. But where they saw a simpleton, the voters saw a man of conviction. Ross Perot has his message, too: It's that our Government doesn't work, and the cost is about to turn us into a third world nation. It's simple, it's straightforward and nobody doubts that Mr. Perot believes it passionately.
The commentators can harrumph about the lack of specifics or the danger of protest voting, but they harrumphed all during the spring and summer of 1980
(too old! bomb thrower! former actor!),
and nobody paid much attention. Ross Perot will continue to pound his point home. His opponents either have no point (Mr. Bush) or several hundred too many (Mr. Clinton).
Integrity.
By Election Day there will be many people who do not like Ross Perot. He will have committed gaffes, been prickly with the press and annoyed millions with his well-sized ego. But there will be few people -- if any -- who don't believe Mr. Perot means what he says. A lot of people didn't like Ronald Reagan, but nobody doubted him. Meanwhile, Ross Perot's two opponents already have dangerously high negative ratings. The President reneged on his only major campaign promise of 1988 (no new taxes). And Mr. Clinton has yet to answer the question Mr. Perot used to ask his employees: "Who can trust a man if his wife can't?"
Crossover voters.
The famous Reagan Democrats are going to meet their match in the about-to-be-famous Perot Republicans -- basically conservative suburban voters who will vote for Mr. Perot in spite of many of his positions because they agree with his central theme. Mr. Clinton will pick up no Republican voters and probably few independents.
Mr. Bush may keep some Reagan Democrats because of his position on social issues, although the messenger here seems to belie the message. But he has already had a tough enough time hanging onto Republicans. Now comes Mr. Perot with a message that cuts through to professional Republican men who admire his business reputation and tough talk and to those Republican women who are pro-abortion.
A big state
. One early poll is a thin reed for an election prediction but the results of the recent Texas Poll (Mr. Perot 35 percent, Mr. Bush 30 percent, Mr. Clinton 20 percent) show how the battle lines are shaping up. Like Mr. Reagan, Ross Perot may enter the electoral fray in September with a big state already in his hip pocket. This is the good news for the rank-and-file Democrats who want to win but bad news for the convention that sticks with Bill Clinton. No Democrat has won the White House without carrying Texas since it entered the Union in 1846.
Mr. Clinton can run the best campaign in the history of American politics, but with two Texans on the ballot he doesn't have prayer: the election is already lost. As for Mr. Perot, it allows him to concentrate on Florida, where his initial and strongest support has come from, and California, where elections are won with media, not organization, and where Mr. Bush has never been strong. This could take 111 electoral votes away from the President, give Mr. Clinton nothing and leave Mr. Perot free to start scavenging in states like Pennsylvania and Illinois. With a good showing in the West, Mr. Perot might have an easy shot at the magic 270 votes required to elect.
My question to Democratic leaders is: why have a convention? You've already got a candidate. He looks fine. He supports your platform. Because he has the issue strategy, the integrity, the appeal and the electoral muscle of Ronald Reagan, he has a very good chance of winning. If he does, he'll change the national agenda in your direction for a decade or more. To cap it off, he'll pay for the whole thing himself, saving the taxpayers the $56 million your losing candidate will cost.
So why haven't you embraced the guy with open arms? As we say in New York, what's the problem?
Wick Allison, a magazine publisher, is a contributing editor to the National Review.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>RAND-Adaline Havemeyer Perkins. Of Needham, MA, on October 2, age 85, of cancer. Born in New York City & a resident there until recently. She had been married to Richard S. Perkins and the late Laurance Rand. She had been a trustee of the Union Theological Seminary, a volunteer archivist at the Metropolitan Museum of Art. She was a member of the Colony Club of New York. She leaves two sons, Richard S. Perkins, Jr. of Topsfield, MA, Thomas Perkins of Santa Barbara, California, two daughters Sarah & Judy Perkins, both of Concord, Massachusetts, five grandchildren and three great-grandchildren. A memorial service will be held on Thursday, October 22, at 10AM at St. James Church, 865 Madison Avenue, New York, New York. Instead of flowers contributions may be sent to the New Bedford Whaling Museum, Old Darmouth Historical Society, 18 Johnny Cake Hill, New Bedford, Massachusetts 02740. A memorial service will also be held in August in S. Dartmouth, MA.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
The Democrats and the Republicans (front page, Nov. 13) are like the Israelis and the Palestinians, each side having its own point of view and an inability to see the other's.
ROGER BOBLEY  Margaretville, N.Y., Nov. 13, 2000<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: A judge who resigned after developing what he called stage fright has won a lifetime disability pension at the age of 44.
A judge who resigned after developing what he called stage fright has won a lifetime disability pension at the age of 44.
Former Municipal Judge Joseph K. Davis received the pension, $56,002 a year, to settle a dispute with a California state agency over the severity of psychiatric problems he had after nine years on the bench.
He resigned a year ago on the final day of a six-year term. He had actually stopped working more than a year earlier, when he filed for a disability pension.
In a lawsuit filed last summer, Judge Davis said he developed ''stage fright'' about a year after taking the bench.
Taking Pills to Get Through
The problem, complicated by ''depression with anxiety,'' interfered with his ability to perform routine judicial tasks and forced him to take ''inordinate'' amounts of tranquilizers to get through the job, he said.
Despite efforts to hide the problem, he said, it worsened to the point that he panicked in any public setting where he was expected to speak.
The former judge has no telephone listing in San Diego. His lawyer, John Mitchell, said he would not discuss the case.
Judge Davis sued after the state Commission on Judicial Performance denied him a disability pension. In Superior Court in September, Judge Kevin Midlam ruled that the commission had acted arbitrarily and that none of the four doctors who had examined Judge Davis had disputed his claim that he could no longer do his job.
Working Out a Pact
Two months later, the commission chose to settle rather than appeal. Judge Midlam approved the settlement.
Jack Frankel, director and chief counsel of the Commission on Judicial Performance, said the commission had contested the pension claim because it was felt that all avenues of treatment had not been exhausted.
State law provides for lifetime pensions of 65 percent of salary for any ex-judges who can no longer do the job because of a mental or physical disability that is permanent or likely to become so. The pension is tied to the salaries of active Municipal Court judges, so Mr. Davis's pension could increase.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: To the Editor:
To the Editor:
Mr. Logan feels that the fusion of political courage and poetic vision in Adrienne Rich's most recent work is unsuccessful - that these poems do not live up to Ms. Rich's earlier work, and in fact are not poetry at all. It is always risky to challenge someone's personal response to poetry, even while believing that he is utterly wrong. I found these poems to be haunting in their imagery, subtle in their construction and the building of one upon another, and emotionally stunning in the issues they raise. But then, that is my personal response.
What I challenge, though, is the implication in the review that politics and poetry are unnatural partners. As Ms. Rich writes, ''Poetry never stood a chance of standing outside history.'' This poet is using her art and her voice to throw an unwavering light upon the realities of past and present and then to ask, given these realities: What shall we do? How shall we live? If it makes the reader uncomfortable, then this is a measure of her success. We do not have a gentle prod to the conscience here, but a burning probe, which apparently felt like a ''blunt instrument'' to Mr. Logan. How he resists!  GRETCHEN L. FRANK  Los Angeles
William Logan replies:
Both Sheila Golburgh Johnson and Gretchen L. Frank assume criticism precludes understanding or sympathy; Ms. Johnson, in addition, believes the prizes given to books guarantee that they are literature. These are not notions to which I can subscribe. I wrote not that poetry and politics are unnatural partners, merely that in Ms. Rich's book they are mutually exclusive.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Joe Slovo may be the world's last jubilant Communist, as he demonstrated today when he wore his Marxist-red socks to an honored seat in the halls of power after 40 years of surviving all manner of political pestilence, from Stalinism abroad to apartheid at home.
"I arrived with them in 1990," said Mr. Slovo, leader of the South African Communist party, raising his pants cuffs to show the socks that he wore back from exile four years ago when apartheid began collapsing.
"I just washed them last week after the election results were in," he said, smiling as he approached the V.I.P. entrance to Parliament to complete his long voyage home to become a Cabinet minister in the new multiracial Government of South Africa.
Mr. Slovo's first wife was killed by police terrorists in his years as an outcast, and he was hunted in exile. But as the liberation movement's most embattled white man he prevailed among the truest opponents of the racist regime. So he was more than entitled to beam as he took a Parliament seat to the right of President-elect Nelson Mandela and prepared to serve as Minister of Housing in the new Government.
"Whether we deserve it or not will be proven in the years to come," Mr. Slovo, 67, said carefully of incumbency, accepting the capitalist premise of the Mandela Government. It was a small price in his eyes for the democratic freedom that swept this day with a din of jubilation and a blur of colors. A Jubilant Archbishop
More prominent than the red of Leninism was the clerical purple of Christianity sported by Archbishop Desmond M. Tutu, another hard-fighting Mandela comrade. The Anglican Primate of Southern Africa arrived at Parliament in a state bordering on delirium. "It's a transfiguration," he shouted of the power shift. "Woo-hoo!" he piped in a great squeak of exclamation as words failed him.
Rabbi Jack Steinhorn, a standout, too, in basic black as part of the multi-denominational phalanx led by the archbishop, shrugged and smiled. "We're the God squad," he explained as the archbishop fairly whirled on into the Parliament.
An easy match in uninhibitedness was Sthembile Mlanjeni, the imbongi, or praise-singer, from Mr. Mandela's Tembo tribe. He arrived magnificently beaded and befurred to bless the day. But first he could not contain an impromptu bellow of delight, singing a long riff of praise with the passion of a blues-shouter at the arrival of Winnie Mandela, the President-elect's estranged wife. She was among the victorious legislators, and charwomen looking down from a Government office added their cheers to the imbongi's leather-lunged welcome. A Verwoerd Repudiates Past
More palely came the newest political generation of the Verwoerd family. Wilhelm, the 29-year-old grandson of Hendrik Verwoerd, who was the architect of apartheid, arrived with his wife, Melanie. The young Mr. Verwoerd, a university professor, had campaigned tirelessly for Mr. Mandela, denouncing his late grandfather's oppressive invention. And his wife was elected to Parliament as one of the young white liberal stars of the Mandela bandwagon.
Approaching Parliament, Wilhelm Verwoerd predicted the new multiracial majority would find a better name for the nearby Verwoerd Government Building. "This is one of the names that will change the soonest," he conceded with shy satisfaction. Inside the foyer, a likeness of Grandfather Verwoerd carved in marble -- white marble -- stared forth silently, suggesting something of the bulbous-nosed W. C. Fields doing a slow burn as the black majority trooped past into power. A Muted Cheer for de Klerk
Quite muted this day was F. W. de Klerk, the departing President who had turned the white-dominated National Party back from apartheid. Archbishop Tutu called for a rousing cheer for Mr. de Klerk at the downtown rally that followed Parliament. The throng of tens of thousands responded with a mixed sound approximating that of partisan home fans acknowledging the visiting team.
Another National Party leader, former Prime Minister P. W. Botha, paused in the passing crowd when asked if liberation, joyous as it felt, could have been arranged five years sooner. "It's no good reasoning like that -- what matters is it has been done," said Mr. Botha, who has become polished at demonstrating political contrition. "Let's take a leaf from the past -- that which is noble and good. And not the ashes."<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The choreographer Anna Sokolow is to be honored tonight at 8 in an 80th birthday celebration at the 92d Street Y, at 1395 Lexington Avenue. Miss Sokolow's modern-dance company, Players' Project, is to perform three of her pieces. Tickets are $20; $75, which includes a reception after the performance, and $250, which includes the performance, the reception and a dinner before the performance. Reservations: (212) 415-5488. Charge: (212) 996-1100.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>In Manger Square, spiffed up just last Christmas for what was supposed to be a banner year for the now-dead Palestinian tourism industry, thousands of Muslims bowed in prayer today to mourn a paramilitary leader assassinated by the Israelis.
The dead man, Hussein Obaiyat, 34, a baker by trade, a gun collector by avocation, was not well known here beyond his clan and the paramilitary unit that he ran for Yasir Arafat's Fatah organization. But when Israel used helicopter gunships to kill him on Thursday, and killing two middle-aged women as well, it instantly secured him a place in the pantheon of Palestinian heroes.
It also may have guaranteed a bloody weekend, and changed the rules of engagement for both sides, at least for now. Israeli generals made clear that more assassinations could follow. Some Palestinian officials said they no longer felt bound by peace or truce agreements, and paramilitary leaders promised swift revenge.
''Until now, it was an intifada,'' an uprising, said Wajid Abed Rabbo, the Fatah leader in nearby Beit Jala, as he hiked with tens of thousands of men over rocky hills to the new graveyard where Mr. Obaiyat would  be the first buried. ''Now it is a battle of independence.''
The killing of Mr. Obaiyat, whom Israel held responsible for masterminding attacks on soldiers and civilians, marked ''a critical point, almost a point of no return in the scale of the violence,'' Amir Oren wrote in the newspaper Haaretz this morning.
''Placing Fatah leaders in the Israeli forces' cross hairs is a clear attempt to have the outcome of the conflict determined in battle,'' he continued, ''with the understanding that the Palestinians too will escalate their methods of attack against soldiers and settlers.''
By mid-evening, after a day of sporadic clashes and intense gun battles, Palestinian officials reported 5 dead and 150 injured in Gaza and the West Bank.
An Israeli soldier was shot in the throat near Rachel's Tomb after militant mourners marched there from Manger Square; he died late tonight. A second soldier was wounded by gunfire in Ramallah. The Israeli Army encircled and closed both Bethlehem and Ramallah, and Palestinians shuttered themselves in their homes as normally bustling streets turned eerily empty.
The day began with a bomb explosion near the Muslim cemetery in Jerusalem's Old City, which wounded an Israeli border policeman. And it ended with shooting throughout the West Bank and Gaza, as both sides braced for a potentially long night of violence.
Israeli Army officials said the killing of Mr. Obaiyat could serve a long-term goal of discouraging attacks on their soldiers and on civilians, even if there is a short-term intensification of the conflict. Associates said Prime Minister Ehud Barak faced intense pressure to approve the action from military officials who felt that their hands had been tied, and from Israelis urging him to use more force.
The timing of the attack, hours before President Clinton met Mr. Arafat to discuss truce arrangements, was not propitious. It is unclear whether it was deliberate or coincidental; Israeli Army officials said they had secured permission for the killing in advance and then chose a tactically good time.
But it is unlikely that the assassination would have been approved if Mr. Barak foresaw any possibility of an imminent return to peace negotiations. And indeed Mr. Barak, who is to meet with President Clinton in Washington again on Sunday, thinks that even securing a workable truce seems very difficult, his advisers said. ''I would like to lower all our expectations,'' Mr. Barak told reporters today during a visit to the Ayosh army base near Ramallah.
In style, the missile attack on Mr. Obaiyat recalled Israel's assassination of a Hezbollah leader in Lebanon in 1992. The comparison led many Israelis and Palestinians alike to comment on what they call the Lebanonization of the conflict. The Fatah paramilitary forces have become the Hezbollah of the Palestinian territories, Roni Shaked wrote today in the Israeli newspaper Yedioth Ahronoth: ''a militia group that by day incites the Palestinian street and by night carries out guerrilla and terrorist missions.''
During the Manger Square prayers, Hezbollah flags fluttered in a rainbow display alongside Iraqi flags, Fatah flags, Islamic movement flags and Palestinian national flags. That underscored the way in which Fatah, Mr. Arafat's organization and ostensibly pro-peace, has aligned itself with the Palestinian opposition during the recent conflict.
In fact, Fatah, whose power had diminished as Palestinians grew disenchanted with the Palestinian government, has regained its popularity. In taking the lead in organizing demonstrations and in fighting the Israelis, it has upstaged Islamic fundamentalist groups like Hamas while taking their side.
The widely displayed portrait of Mr. Obayait, brandishing a rifle against a backdrop of an Arabic language poster devoted to Allah, is not that distinguishable in imagery from a Hamas portrait.
Mr. Obayait's image was displayed not only in Bethlehem but also throughout Ramallah today, on the city walls and on automobile hoods. Near one such poster, a businessman who gave his name only as Ahmed methodically broke concrete chunks into pieces ready for throwing. He wore a necktie with a geometric pattern, a dress shirt and pressed slacks, incongruous attire for the task of piling the stones in a large black bucket, then dragging the bucket several hundred yards to a barricade across from Israeli jeeps.
''I'm 37 years old -- I can't throw rocks,'' explained Ahmed, who said he has a degree in computer science and lived in the United States for 20 years.
At the edge of Ramallah, the confrontation between Israeli-controlled and Palestinian-ruled territory has become ritualized during the last six weeks, to the point where families gathered there as if for a spectator sport and vendors sold kebabs. Daytime clashes gave way to nighttime gun battles.
But today was different; the rocks were quickly pushed aside, and the families disappeared.
The first tear-gas canisters were fired from the Israeli side promptly at 1 o'clock. As hundreds of people marched to the hillside, young men with AK-47 assault rifles, some with black hoods over their faces, slipped off into side streets.
In half an hour, the hillside was ringing with gunfire, which continued without pause for several hours. Staccato cracks of automatic weapons fire came from the Kalashnikovs on the Palestinian side, answered by solid, heavier thumps of rockets fired at buildings by the Israelis. An Israeli soldier was wounded. And Palestinians crouched behind cars and walls, watching the gunfight, which was unusually protracted and intense, in memory of Mr. Obaiyat.
In Manger Square, Mr. Obaiyat's body was laid out in front of a Checkers fast-food restaurant and beneath the clock that had been a gift to the Palestinian Authority from Greece to count down the days, hours and minutes until the third millennium.
Mourners wore black sweatshirts printed overnight with pictures of Mr. Obaiyat in full paramilitary regalia. Some displayed bullet necklaces; others thrust rifles into the air. When they prayed, their backs formed a human quilt stretched from one side of the square to the other. When they rose, they fired gunshots, burned Israeli flags and chanted, ''No peace, no surrender.'' The women ululated.
After marching several miles to his clan's village, Obaiyat, Palestinians buried him without tears.
''The blood of Hussein will not be wasted,'' said a colleague, dressed in black with a black face mask and a sniper's rifle. ''We will avenge his death at the time we choose and without waiting for political instructions. You should understand that there is now a separation between the political and the military leadership.''
But some older Palestinians present questioned the young men's fiery words. ''If Arafat reaches a solution and he wants to impose it, he can control the street,'' said Samir Qumsieh, president of the general union of private radio and television stations. ''They like to say that they're not under remote control, but if an agreement is reached, things will calm down.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>BRICK stanchions topped with palm and English ivy, adorned with pine in winter and geraniums in spring, stand at the entrances. They bear the letters "PPS" and lead into Prospect Park South, a landmark historic district in the northwest corner of Flatbush.
Along Buckingham Road, the turn-of-the-century houses include Tudor and chateau styles. On Rugby Road, there is an English country garden and a Swiss chalet faces an Italian villa. And on Marlborough Road a brick colonial has a stained-glass skylight in the bathroom, marble fireplaces and a carriage house.
"It's almost like walking into another era," said Maria Cheung, who moved last November with her husband, Bill Tam, from a two-bedroom co-op in nearby Kensington into a spacious $325,000 six-bedroom Victorian on Westminster Road.
"The first couple of weeks people brought over cookies and plants, and we were invited to an afternoon tea," said Ms. Cheung, who is expecting a baby in February. Along with plenty of room, she also has gardening to look forward to -- two Higan weeping cherry trees like the ones in the nearby Brooklyn Botanic Garden and spring bulbs she just planted in the yard. "It's really like a suburb within the big city."
That's just what Dean Alvord had in mind in 1892 when he bought 40 acres from the Flatbush Dutch Reformed Church. The idea, as it was put then, was "Rus in Urbe" or "Country in the City."
For the developer, who gave British names to the streets, the emphasis was on country. He made sure utility lines and the subway being built went in below street level. But he played up their convenience.
By 1899, houses began appearing on minimum lots of 50 by 100 feet, and were set back 30 feet from the curb. Norway maples and Carolina poplars (now gone) were also set back on the building line -- not only for sake of esthetics, according to Prof. John B. Manbeck, the official Brooklyn historian, but also to keep horses from nibbling on them. And John Aitken, a Scottish landscaper, created malls along Buckingham and Albemarle Roads, tended these days by a gardener hired by the Prospect Park South Neighborhood Association.
The group, set up in 1905, puts out a newsletter and is one of the oldest continuously running neighborhood associations in the country. Dues run from $150 to $350, depending on property frontage.
By 1905, the community had become a model for nearby areas such as Ditmas Park and Fiske Terrace. Among the residents were chief executives of such companies as Ex-Lax, Gillette, McAllister Brothers (tugboats), Fruit of the Loom and Sperry Gyroscope.
"It's a very significant early planned suburban community in New York City," said Andrew Dolkart, an architectural historian at the Columbia School of Architecture. In 1979, the Landmarks Preservation Commission designated it as a landmark historic district. (Two other historic districts in Flatbush are Ditmas Park and Albemarle-Kenmore Terraces.)
AMONG the preservation enthusiasts in the area is Mary Kay Gallagher, a broker, who moved in 35 years ago and lives in a 1903 barn-red colonial with cream-colored pillars on Marlborough Road.
"I come on strong," she said. "You can't put extra doors in, change the windows, put up siding or paint a house purple."
Houses range in price from $200,000 for handyman specials to about $500,000. About eight houses were converted into two-family houses in the 1940's, and more apartments can be found in two six-story buildings.
At the 61-unit Buckingham, at 105 Buckingham Road, two-bedroom apartments rent for about $850 and one-bedrooms go for $650; while a 29-unit co-op at 1409 Albemarle Road offers one-bedrooms for around $60,000 and two-bedroomswith terraces for about $80,000.
Over the years the genteel houses have been the backdrop in films, among them "Reversal of Fortune" and "Sophie's Choice." But not everything is picture perfect. Although it has the lowest crime rate in the 70th Precinct, muggings and thefts occur along peripheral commercial strips and subways on Church Avenue and Cortelyou Road. Most houses are protected by alarms and residents pay $500 a year for a private patrol.
"People who move in haven't abandoned hope in the city," said Jay Cohen, president of the neighborhood association. It is home to many professionals, including the president of Brooklyn College, Dr. Vernon E. Lattin.
Some children go to P.S. 139 (Alexine Fenty School), a magnet school in the arts, a short walk to Beverly Square West, which has a chess club and a program for gifted students. It has set up a minischool with four classes so far to cope with overcrowding. The school has 1,725 students, many of them immigrants. Pre-k to third grade classes are in the main building on Rugby Road, while fourth and fifth graders are shuttled to an annex 10 blocks away.
Ten flags decorate the lobby of Ditmas Junior High School (I.S. 62) in Kensington, representing the homelands of students who are recent immigrants -- a third of the 1,405 sixth to eighth graders. The school, which closed for two months during 1993 to clear up an asbestos problem, specializes in telecommunications and has a radio and TV station. It also offers four computer labs and a banking program.
Many students go on to Midwood High School, and 98 percent go on to higher education. The school offers 11 advanced placement courses for college credit. It has 3,281 students, 1,237 over its capacity, according to its principal, Lewis Frohlich. It had 14 semifinalists in the 53d Westinghouse Science Talent Search competition last year, ranking third nationally behind Stuyvesant High School and the Bronx High School of Science.
"At least half of the parents who have school-age children send them to private schools, mostly in Brooklyn," said Mr. Cohen, whose 6-year old son, Isaac, goes to Saint Ann's School in Brooklyn Heights.
A decade ago parents got together to set up the Flatbush Family Network, a three-hour drop-in center for toddlers at All Souls Universalist Church in the Ditmas Park section, also the site of the Popcorn School, a preschool with parent volunteers. Midwood Montessori in Midwood is also popular.
The Cortelyou Library adjacent to the public school offers 29,800 volumes, as well as a toddlers program, a bridge club and a Halloween party in which staff members dress in costumes. Across the way, the Tot Lot, a city miniplay area, will close soon for a six-month renovation.
Although Prospect Park South has no commercial area, Cortelyou Road nearby has about 60 stores. One of them is Mostly Books, which has a country feel and is a gathering place for people from neighboring Flatbush communities. Also popular is the Flatbush Food Co-op, a natural food outlet with 1,200 members, mostly from Brooklyn.
Many residents go to George's, a 24-hour diner, for coffee and breakfast on Coney Island Avenue. Also on the avenue are Los Mariachis for Mexican fare, as well as Turkish and Pakistani restaurants. Many residents are Park Slope-oriented and prefer a 10-minute trip there for shopping and dining, particularly Cucina for Italian food, or take a 10-minute drive to Ocean Palace for Chinese food in Sunset Park.
ADJOINING the neighborhood is the Knickerbocker Tennis Club, which has five clay courts and about 70 members paying annual dues of $250.
The neighborhood is also close to the 526-acre Prospect Park, which offers among other activities ice skating in winter and strolling and paddle boating in summer. And 50 cents buys a ride on the renowned carousel there, featuring horses hand-carved by the artist Charles Carmel, while the Prospect Park Wildlife Center offers a Wallabee Walkthrough and Prairie Dog Camp.
On weekends, children compete in soccer matches at the 39.5-acre Parade Grounds, the site of military parades after the Civil War, also the site of the Prospect Park Tennis Center, which has 10 clay courts.
Each spring, some houses open their doors for the Flatbush Victorian House Tour and in September there is a street fair, the Flatbush Frolic, along Cortelyou Road.
"Prospect Park South has outstanding homes and is active in support of the total community," said Carolyn J. Odell, community affairs director of the Flatbush Development Corporation.
Within the community, Dr. David Kliot, an obstetrician, and his wife, Harriet, open their yard for children to play in, as well as for a barbecue at the beginning of October, a Halloween party and fireworks on the Fourth of July. There is also the Know Your Neighbor dinner in June at Temple Beth Emeth v'Ohr Progressive Shaari Zedek on Marlborough Road.
A tradition every other spring is the Progressive Dinner, during which about 100 neighbors gather in one house for hors d'oeuvres, break up to about half a dozen others for dinner and gather in still another house for dessert. On the Market 7-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath colonial revival at 941 Albemarle Road, $325,000. 7-bedroom, 3 1/2-bath center-hall colonial at 100 Marlborough Road, $335,000. 7-bedroom, 3-bath Queen Anne at 1423 Albemarle Road, $475,000. GAZETTEER
POPULATION: 900 (1994 estimate).
AREA: .5 square mile.
MEDIAN HOUSEHOLD INCOME: $70,000 (1994 estimate).
MEDIAN PRICE FOR SINGLE-FAMILY HOUSE: $335,000.
MEDIAN PRICE ONE YEAR AGO: $335,000.
MEDIAN PRICE FIVE YEARS AGO: $370,000.
MEDIAN RENT ON TWO-BEDROOM APARTMENT: $900.
CODES: ZIP: 11226 and 11218; area: 718.
DISTANCE FROM MIDTOWN MANHATTAN: 6 miles.
RUSH-HOUR TRAVEL TO MIDTOWN: 35 minutes on the Q and D-trains from Cortelyou Road, Church Avenue or Beverly Road (scheduled to reopen in March) stations; 45 minutes on Command Bus (BM1, 2, 3, 4) from Coney Island Avenue at Beverly Road, $4 one way.
GOVERNMENT: City Councilwoman, Una Clarke, Democrat.
VICTORIAN PAGODA: Since the Fischer family moved into their pagoda-topped house on Buckingham Road 22 years ago, they've gotten used to curiosity-seekers, who are regularly barked at by Arthur, their St. Bernard. The 1902 Japanese-style house designed by John J. Petit, initially sold for $27,000, and has intricate wood carvings, sticks, struts, corbels and brackets. Andrew Dolkart, an architectural historian who teaches at Columbia University, calls it "a typical American house in Japanese garb."<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Palestinians living in East Jerusalem should be allowed to vote in elections Israel is proposing for the occupied territories, Jerusalem's Mayor, Teddy Kollek, said today.
Palestinians living in East Jerusalem should be allowed to vote in elections Israel is proposing for the occupied territories, Jerusalem's Mayor, Teddy Kollek, said today.
Mr. Kollek's position clashes with that of Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir, who has said East Jerusalem Arabs will not be allowed to take part in the vote if it is held. Israel annexed East Jerusalem immediately after the 1967 war, and every Israeli government since has vowed the city will never again be divided.
Mr. Shamir and other right-wing political leaders believe that allowing Palestinians living in East Jerusalem to vote would be a first step toward making the city the capital of a future Palestinian state.
In the election plan proposed by Mr. Shamir, Arabs in the West Bank and Gaza Strip would elect representatives to negotiate with Israel over the future of those areas.
Speaking to reporters today, Mr. Kollek said Arabs in East Jerusalem ''are Palestinians, and the future of their people is being decided and they haven't got the right to vote.''
In the West Bank today, a 12-year-old Palestinian was shot and killed by Israeli soldiers in the village of Idna, near Hebron.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>An article in Business Day yesterday about a satirical article in the German newspaper Tageszeitung that poked fun at President Lech Kaczynski of Poland and his brother, Jaroslaw, who is the prime minister, misstated its publication date. It was June 26, not May 26.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Saying the measure violated the United States Constitution, a Federal appeals court has struck down an amendment to the Arizona Constitution requiring state employees to speak only English on the job.
In 1988 voters in Arizona narrowly passed an initiative that amended the state Constitution to bar the use of any language other than English by all state employees while performing their official duties.
The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, in San Francisco, ruled on Wednesday that the measure was overly broad, violated First Amendment free-speech rights and was "unconstitutional in its entirety."
The court upheld the decision of a Federal District Court in Arizona, which had been appealed by Arizonans for Official English, the backers of the English-only measure.
The Arizona law was challenged by Maria-Kelley Yniguez, an employee of the state's Department of Administration who handled medical malpractice claims against the state. Fluent in English and Spanish, Ms. Yniguez spoke Spanish to some claimants.
She stopped speaking Spanish at work after the law passed for fear she would be disciplined.
The court rejected the argument of Arizonans for Official English that the restrictions on free speech were justified by state interests in protecting democracy by encouraging unity and political stability and encouraging a common language.
It said the state's interest in the efficiency of its work force ran directly counter to the amendment since government offices were more efficient when employees were allowed to speak other languages with clients who were not proficient in English.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The Sherwin-Williams Company, one of the nation's largest producers of paints and varnishes, has agreed to buy Pratt & Lambert United Inc. for $35 a share, or about $400 million, the companies said yesterday. The news sent Pratt & Lambert  stock soaring $13.875, or more than 67 percent, to $34.625 on the New York Stock Exchange. Pratt & Lambert, based in Buffalo, is a major developer and producer of coatings and adhesives. It merged with United Coatings in August 1994, creating a company with about $500 million in annual sales. It has nearly 2,000  employees. The stock of Sherwin-Williams, based in Cleveland, fell 12.5 cents, to $37.50.
COMPANY NEWS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The United States and Japan have failed to agree on opening Japan's $470 billion insurance market to greater foreign competition and no further negotiations are planned, a United States trade official said today.
The two sides remain far apart on the issue of deregulating the market to allow sales of policies by foreign insurers, the offical said. The United States objects to a law introduced in Japan in April that opens the so-called third sector market -- including policies covering illness, accidents and nursing care -- to greater activity by Japanese companies.
Though this area makes up only 4.7 percent of Japan's insurance market, United States estimates put the foreign share of this market at 36 percent, with United States insurers accounting for most of that share. Under an agreement signed in 1994, this market was not to be opened to greater competition until foreign companies were granted greater access in other sectors.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Rail service from Connecticut to New York City came to a jarring halt yesterday morning when two commuter trains pulled down a milelong stretch of 90-year-old power lines in Greenwich, delaying as many as 40,000 riders, many of whom gave up their travels and went home.
It was the worst foul-up on the Metro-North Commuter Railroad since the blizzard of January 1996, when it took several days to restore normal service. Amtrak trains were also affected.
By midafternoon, electrical power had been restored to two of the four tracks on the New Haven line, and most trains were operating for the evening rush. Railroad officials said repair crews would work all night, and said they expected service to be back to normal by this morning.
For many commuters in Connecticut and Westchester County, the problems led to frantic dashes for cabs and several other solutions. Cellular phones were whipped out of briefcases as executives notified their offices they would be late. Some people gave up on the railroad, went home to get their cars and drove into the city.
At the Stamford station, limousines showed up to ferry people to New York, and cabdrivers sought to fill every seat for the drive to Manhattan, at $66 per person. At the Noroton Heights station, just east of Stamford, two lines, 30 people deep, formed at the only pay phones on the platform.
One commuter from Rowayton spent more than five hours getting to the city. His journey included a bus ride from Greenwich to New Rochelle, where he got on an Amtrak train to Penn Station.
At the Stamford station, Marcia Blanco, 32, an insurance underwriter who lives in West Hartford, said she was on the 6:12 Amtrak train from Hartford when she got stuck outside Stamford from 8:20 to 11:30.
''I called my boss from my cellular phone while I was on the train,'' she said. ''My boss understands, but this has been a real inconvenience.''
Like many others, Ms. Blanco noted that the problems occurred while Metro-North was planning a 5 percent fare increase for Connecticut commuters.
''I think that's really unfair,'' she said, ''especially after what happened this morning.''
Dan Brucker, a Metro-North spokesman, said the trouble began at 7:26 A.M. when a train from New Haven tore down the overhead wires above one of four tracks just west of the Greenwich station, near the New York State border.
He said that when the train's pantograph, or hydraulic arms, rose to make contract with the overhead lines, the arm became snagged and pulled down the wires.
Workers made temporary repairs, but the next train through ripped down the wires across all four tracks, Mr. Brucker said.
''It was like a spider's web awaiting its next train,'' he said. ''We don't know why it happened, but we do know it made for a very serious problem.''
David Peacock, 34, of Norwalk was on the train that first pulled down the lines. ''We just heard a loud bang like it hit something,'' he said, ''and then we saw the sparks and the cables hit the top of the train.''
He said the train made a harsh stop, but most people were sitting and no one seemed to fall. After the accident, he said, passengers passed the time talking. ''You couldn't read,'' he said. ''It was too dark.''
At 9:30, a rescue train was brought alongside the stalled train. Makeshift bridges between the doors of the two trains were made of steel-backed seats. Passengers carefully boarded  the rescue train, Mr. Brucker said.
The rescue train then headed for Grand Central Terminal, where it arrived at 10:50 A.M. On the platform greeting the weary passengers was a battery of news and television photographers. ''It was as if Mae West were arriving on the 20th Century Limited,'' Mr. Brucker said.
Metro-North put shuttle buses into service at stations between Stamford and New Rochelle, so riders could bypass the bottleneck. A second attempt to repair the downed power lines ended in failure around 11 A.M.,  when the first train trying to pass through the area again pulled all the lines down, Mr. Brucker said.
At noon, the railroad began running diesel trains every hour to and from Grand Central Terminal, making all stops.
The New Haven line carries more than 45,000 riders during an average morning rush. Nine trains carrying about 9,000 made it into Grand Central before the accident occurred, said Marjorie Anders, a spokeswoman for the railroad.
At the start of the evening rush at 4 P.M., Ms. Anders said two tracks had been electrified and reopened, permitting service in both directions. She said that some of the 45 trains scheduled to run on the New Haven line were merged.
A railroad spokesman said that all the damage occurred over a one-mile stretch and involved electrical cable that was original equipment when the line was electrified in 1907.  Similar overhead wires had been replaced 10 years ago on the New York State part of the line as part of a $50 million capital improvement program by the Metropolitan Transportation Authority.
The spokesman said that the overhead lines on the Connecticut side have long been trouble prone because of their age. But work has been delayed because of a dispute over who should pay for the $200 million overhaul. Connecticut owns the line, but wants Amtrak to contribute to the cost of improvements because the tracks are also part of the northeast corridor line from New York to Boston.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>GROUP MAINTENANCE AMERICA CORP.,  Houston, a provider of heating, air-conditioning, plumbing and electrical services, agreed to acquire Trinity Contractors Inc., Grand Prairie, Tex., a closely held mechanical and electrical contracting company. Terms were not disclosed.
MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS INC.,  Raleigh, N.C., bought a 14 percent stake in Meridian Aggregates Co., Englewood, Colo., a privately held producer of crushed stone, and may buy the rest of the company later.
HARRIS CORP.,  Melbourne, Fla., a communications and electronics company, said its semiconductor unit had formed a new space and military business to supply radiation-hardened electronics.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: To the Editor:
To the Editor:
Your report on worries by education officials and others that the heavy burden of college debt is threatening the financial stability of a generation of young people and their families (Jan. 29) was a good one, but the solution is obvious. Student debts should be repaid by a surtax on income.
Each $1,000 borrowed would increase the tax rate by an actuarially determined amount, and payment could be spread over a lifetime. Those who earn more money would pay more, but with all borrowers in the pool and a lifetime repayment span, actual payments would be relatively low. Each year, the Department of Education could inform borrowers of their surtax rate, and, as with the Form 1099, send a copy to the Internal Revenue Service.
Not only would this eliminate the burden of student debt, but it might in addition actually serve as a counterweight to the deplorable fact that, in our economic system, remuneration is generally in inverse proportion to the social value of work being performed.
WILLIAM A. BAKER
New York, Jan. 29, 1987<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Aaron C. Sterling, a fund-raiser and promoter of charitable causes, died of congestive heart failure Friday at Mount Sinai Medical Center. He was 63 years old and lived on the Upper West Side of Manhattan.
Aaron C. Sterling, a fund-raiser and promoter of charitable causes, died of congestive heart failure Friday at Mount Sinai Medical Center. He was 63 years old and lived on the Upper West Side of Manhattan.
Known as Shep, Mr. Sterling earned a master's degree in social work at Columbia University. He later helped many organizations finance their activities, starting with the Child Welfare League of America.
Mr. Sterling is survived by his wife, Johanne Moreland Sterling; a sister, Gwen Adelman of Queens, and a brother, Stanley Sterling of Lawrence, Kan.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Sometimes it's as if the slithering Reggie Miller is leading his pursuer through a car chase scene as he weaves through the traffic on the court.
Almost inevitably, a bus, in the form of Dale Davis or Antonio Davis, appears in the frame as Miller bolts into the clear. The opponent brakes, Miller springs open and knocks down a 3-pointer.
Allan Houston knows how the story ends. Over the years, he has been on the other side of the mean screens Davis and Davis have set for the zigzagging Miller. Houston has himself mentally prepared for the rugged path before him in the Knicks' Eastern Conference finals with the Indiana Pacers, which begins on Sunday. And maybe, just to turn the tables on Miller, Houston can run him ragged with his own aggressive offense.
''I can't wait,'' Houston said after the Knicks practiced today at SUNY-Purchase. ''This is what it's all about. No matter who it is, whether it's Reggie or someone else, this is where you are. And this is the challenge you face, the challenge you welcome.''
The same Houston who once shied away from contact this season, and was often timid in his drives to the basket and reluctant to fight through picks on defense, is revealing a thick coat of confidence these days. There is a bring-it-on hitch in the step of a player itching to challenge Miller, the Pacer most capable of deflating the high the Knicks are on these days.
''Right now, Allan's confidence level is at an extreme point,'' said Don Chaney, an assistant coach for the Knicks. ''It's great because the timing is right. Allan knows if he puts the ball on the floor, there's a good chance he'll get hit. But instead of being hit, he's worried about finishing the play. And I honestly don't know if he had that mentality earlier in the year.
''I think that's connected to his defense, too. Once again, if you try to avoid the pick, in the process, you're a step away from your guy. Now, it's to the point where Allan doesn't mind following someone like Reggie and getting hit once in a while. He runs into them a lot. He may not always get the call, but if a guy sets an illegal screen, and you hit it, you might catch a break. If you slow up and hit it, you're not going to get those calls at all. Allan is more aware of that now.''
Last year's playoff series with the Pacers was a primer for Houston in learning the dangers associated with the cat-and-mouse game Miller likes to play. For the most part, it was a forgettable stretch for Houston, who seemed mentally frayed by Miller's movements by each game's end. Miller averaged 24.6 points a game in that second-round series, while Houston averaged 19, including a fruitless 33-point effort as the Knicks were eliminated in Game 5. By then, Miller had done his damage.
''It's as much a mental challenge as it is a physical one not to get so worn out mentally from having to do so much work defensively that you give in on a possession,'' Coach Jeff Van Gundy said. ''You might have guarded him well the whole game and at a crucial point -- and maybe it's fatigue, maybe you're getting bumped -- you want to give in. That's when he's going to catch it and get the big shot.''
In the regular season, whether it was because of Miller's poor shooting or Houston's fearless defense, Houston showed he was capable of tracking his adversary. Miller shot 36 percent and averaged 12 points a game in three games against the Knicks.
But the playoffs are Miller's stage. And this has been when the bus appears, the pursuer brakes and Miller pops into the clear. The perfect getaway. It's the kind of dramatic finish Houston wants to put an end to.
''You know what's going to happen,'' Houston said. ''You just try to get around the screens the best way you can. It didn't wear on me when we played them before this year. People are making a big deal out of it. But that's the way they are, and that's the way they play. What we have to do is make them react to us. I'm sure they aren't being bombarded with questions like, 'How are you going to stop Allan?' My thing is, we have to make them play defense, too. Bottom line is, you have to get out and get the job done.''
REBOUNDS
Silent all week, PATRICK EWING literally stuck his head in the door at the Knicks' practice facility and gave a brief thought on the coming series with a team he knows well. ''If we're not prepared now, we'll never be prepared,'' said Ewing, who practiced for about a half-hour with his sore Achilles' tendon. ''It's going to be a war.'' . . . Coach JEFF VAN GUNDY ended the guesswork over whether CHRIS DUDLEY would start at power forward against Indiana. Despite his recent struggles and his abysmal play against the Pacers this season, KURT THOMAS will start. ''When we're playing well, I'm not going to change the starting lineup,'' Van Gundy said. Thomas has shot 32 percent in the playoffs. Against the Pacers, he shot 17.6 percent in three games.
N.B.A. PLAYOFFS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: In 1888 the National Geographic Society published the first issue of its magazine, a plain-brown-wrapper affair with no pictures and few readers. Its mandate was to promote ''the increase and diffusion of geographical knowledge.''
In 1888 the National Geographic Society published the first issue of its magazine, a plain-brown-wrapper affair with no pictures and few readers. Its mandate was to promote ''the increase and diffusion of geographical knowledge.''
But if the society has resolutely pursued that mission in the past century, the only thing plain brown wrapper about the organization today is the sleeve it uses to protect one of the most widely read magazines in the world. With a 1987 budget of $419 million and 2,500 employees, the National Geographic Society bills itself as the world's largest nonprofit scientific and educational organization. In addition to publishing a magazine sent to 10.5 million members, it sponsors research worldwide and produces TV documentaries watched by 30 million people a month.
Now the society has begun to broaden itself further. It is aggressively marketing home video cassettes and considering the production of G-rated films for an audience that has found the documentaries attractive family fare.
There is room for growth: television still accounts for less than 5 percent of the society's revenue, with about $19 million in gross receipts, said Gilbert M. Grosvenor, president and chairman of the society. And this year, after more than two decades in the business, executives at the society expect the television effort finally to break even. The Society's Evolution
Until 1965, the magazine and a related book service were the primary disseminators of information about the society's activities, a wild mix of the mundane-made-extraordinary (''The World in Your Garden'') and such Indiana Jones-style expeditions as the excavation of Machu Picchu in Peru.
Then the society saw the future, and it was television. ''Americans on Everest,'' the first ''National Geographic Special,'' was aired in September of that year. A decade later, the specials found a permanent home on the Public Broadcasting System.
In 1985 the society began producing a weekly two-hour series, ''National Geographic Explorer,'' for Ted Turner's cable network. A year later, the society entered into an arrangement with Vestron Inc. to market ''Special'' and ''Explorer'' video cassettes. That move, executives of the society hope, will wipe out within four years the deficit of $13 million to $15 million that the television operations have accrued since the first special.
The overall television budget is $25 million. ''Explorer'' gets $13 million, the specials and home videos get $4.5 million each and syndication receives $3 million, said Tim Kelly, associate director for television and executive producer of ''Explorer.'' Toying With Film Making
Dennis B. Kane, vice president and director of television for the society, also wants to get into the film business. ''We enjoy the relationship with PBS,'' Mr. Kane said, ''but we had to branch out and get into a commercial situation.
''We're looking into the possibility of G-rated features,'' he added. ''There is a need for good G-rated nonfiction films.''
The society's handling of an upcoming program suggests how aggressive the video cassette marketing effort is. Vestron will have a head start in selling ''The Explorers: A Century of Discovery,'' a $900,000 centenary special to be aired in October on PBS. ''The Explorers'' will go into the Vestron catalogue a month earlier, at the $29.98 price of other society cassettes.
That strategy was first employed when ''Secrets of the Titanic'' was released in December 1986; it went on to become the biggest seller in the catalogue.
In just over two years, about one million National Geographic Society cassettes have been sold, said Al Reuben, senior vice president for marketing, sales and distribution at Vestron. Half of the sales are through video outlets and half through nontraditional markets - bookstores, mass merchandisers and museum shops -and through people who order directly from Vestron, Mr. Reuben said. Shows Among Highest-Rated
Nineteen of public television's 25 highest-rated broadcasts have been National Geographic Specials, and the highest was also the first: ''The Incredible Machine,'' a fantastic voyage through the human body. ''They're probably the single most watched group of programs we air,'' said John Fuller, director of research for the Public Broadcasting System.
The four ''National Geographic Special'' programs that the society coproduces each year with WQED, a Pittsburgh PBS affiliate, cost $600,000 to $650,000 apiece to make. They are underwritten by the Chevron Corporation and can be in the works for as long as three years.
The ''Explorer'' shows cost $160,000 each to produce. The series, Mr. Kelly said, has benefited from developments in the television industry, from the advent of cable to growing audiences for family programming. Ratings Down on PBS
The society is about to extend its contract with Turner for three more years. But the picture has not been so bright this year at PBS. The four ''National Geographic Special'' programs, which aired in the first four months of the year, averaged a 6.1 rating (the percentage of households with televisions), which translated to 5.4 million households. Last year's average rating was 9.4.
''This was not a stellar season for National Geographic,'' Mr. Fuller, of PBS, said. ''They've spread their distribution beyond PBS, and it's hard to know if that has had an effect. This year was one of the lowest.''
Possibly, he added, viewers were not interested in ''Inside the Soviet Circus'' or ''Mysteries of Mankind,'' the shows with the lowest ratings. ''It's hard to know whether it's a trend or just this year,'' he said. No Doubts on Television
In the centenary of what for him is a family business, Mr. Grosvenor is not worrying. He is a great-great-grandson of the society's second president, Alexander Graham Bell, and he does not mind running a deficit or chancing a few ratings points in the service of the society's educational mission. Mr. Grosvenor reaches as many people through television as he does through the magazine; he has no doubt that the move into television was right.
''One of the wonderful things about this place is that I don't have to show a black line if we perceive the program to be educational,''  THE MEDIA BUSINESS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>BRUGLI-Rev. Angelo F. The Diocese of Brooklyn announces the death of the Pastor Emeritus of Our Lady of Guadalupe Church, 7201 15th Avenue, Brooklyn on May 9. Reposing at Our Lady of Guadalupe Parish Chapel on Saturday, May 12 from 2:00-5:00 and 7:00-9:30 PM, and Sunday, May 13 from 1:00-5:00 PM. A Mass of Transferral on Sunday, May 13 at 7:30 PM. Funeral Mass Monday, May 14th at 10:30 AM. All priests are invited to concelebrate. He was a member of the Priests' Purgatorial Society. Most Rev. Thomas V. Daily, Bishop of Brooklyn<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>This morning is a good time to think about history and food, before everyone is fully sauced, gravied, dressed and unable to think at all. To Americans of a certain age, this day always brings with it the no longer completely canonical image of the celebration that has come to be called the first Thanksgiving, a 1621 harvest feast held at Plymouth Colony and also attended by 90 Wampanoag Indians. That meal, or rather anachronistic depictions thereof, was virtually the only glimpse of the Pilgrims to be found in public elementary schools 30 and more years ago. The image has been hard to dislodge -- a world where Pilgrim men looked like Van Heflin and Pilgrim women like June Allyson, where the actors walked straight from their dressing rooms onto the stage of national consciousness.
Of course, it was nothing like that, and every Thanksgiving brings with it, somewhere, the effort to read a more accurate version of history back into the day. Many people have pointed out that the Pilgrims would probably have celebrated a true day of Thanksgiving by fasting. They would certainly have omitted the football. But history is not merely what actually happened -- or was actually eaten. It is the story of what happened and the conflict between more and less verifiable versions of that story. Whatever Thanksgiving may have been in 1621, or in 1789 when George Washington proclaimed it a national holiday, it has slipped its moorings and is drifting down the stream of time, reinvented again and again in a country that prefers its reinventions of history to the difficulties of the actual historical record.
In any case, the menu for the Thanksgiving meal is now traditional. The speculation does arise, however -- what would have happened if that first Thanksgiving had come in a lean year and the Pilgrims had been relegated to eating, say, opossum? What if they had kindled a national taste for it? Would 'possum breeders now be raising a super 'possum? Would we recline, at the end of a long Thanksgiving feast, into a stupor of marsupiality and play dead for a while? Perhaps nothing would be that different after all, especially in those parts of the Midwest -- and households in the Midwestern diaspora -- where the true sign of Thanksgiving dinner is a lead-crystal dish full of Spanish olives.
This is a day to give thanks, and one of the things to give thanks for is the turkey -- not the big-busted commercial bird, but its leaner, wiser wild ancestor. It has rebounded from near extinction to a population of more than four million, a mottled, oaken ghost now found in woods and fields all across America. During a snowstorm last October, a flock of turkeys stepped out of the shadows and across a barnyard. They walked in deliberation, as if they had folded hands behind their backs. Their dress was dour, but not unornamented. There, thought one observer, watching them disappear into the late afternoon, go the last Pilgrims.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A picture caption last Sunday with a front-page article about the World Health Organization's response to the SARS epidemic misidentified the official shown with Dr. David L. Heymann, the organization's executive director for communicable diseases. He was Dr. Klaus Stohr, scientific director of its SARS investigation, not Dr. Michael J. Ryan.
The article also misidentified the organization that runs ProMED, the Program for Monitoring Emerging Diseases, which posted an alert on its Web site on Feb. 10 about what later proved to be a SARS outbreak in Guangzhou, China. The parent group is the International Society for Infectious Diseases. (The Federation of American Scientists established the program but turned it over to the international group in 1999.)<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>ROBBINS--Lester. Your family and close friends are thinking of you, remembering your warmth, strength, wit and your deep and abiding interest in and love for each of us. Sheila<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The much talked about new areas of rough at the Masters -- a tournament known for its lack of rough -- did not appear to have much impact on the first round. The two holes most affected by the rough -- Nos. 9 and 10, both par 4's -- played about the same as last year.
While many players found the new rough, it did not significantly affect scoring. Last year, the ninth hole played as the 11th most difficult hole; today it was also the 11th most difficult. The 10th hole was the eighth hardest in 1999, and the seventh hardest today.
Some players even saw the rough as a help.
''It made some shots easier,'' Tiger Woods said. ''At 9, you could hit at the pin on the back tier knowing it would knuckle into the wind.''
BILL BRINK
GOLF: NOTBOOK<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3*Elmira Savings Bank
Qtr to March 31
1991
1990
Net inc
225,000
196,000
Per share
.38
.33<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Coming next -- genetically modified pets?
Transgenic Pets, a small company in Syracuse, says it is developing a genetically engineered cat that will not cause allergies, an effort that could allow millions of people who cannot now do so keep cats as pets.
So far, the allergen-free cat is closer to concept than execution. Transgenic Pets is a shoestring operation run out of the home of its founder, Dr. David Avner, a 31-year-old medical resident who works in the emergency room of a Syracuse hospital. But the research to develop the cat is being done under contract by Dr. Xiangzhong Yang at the University of Connecticut, who is known for his work in animal cloning.
''We feel confident by 2003 we'll be able to produce an allergen-free cat,'' said Dr. Yang, explaining that the job will require  genetic engineering and cloning. But the type of genetic manipulation and cloning required has not been achieved on cats.
There are some other companies trying to clone pets, so that people can have a copy of their beloved animal after the original one dies. But this appears to be the first company aimed at using genetic engineering to develop pets with new traits. Other efforts at genetically altering animals have goals like making goats that produce drugs in their milk or making salmon grow faster.
But the allergen-free cat could raise the ire of some cat lovers and certainly of those opposed to genetic engineering, who view it as interfering with nature.
''It's sick,'' said Maria Alfaro, a yoga teacher from Santa Cruz, Calif., who was protesting this week outside the biotechnology industry's convention in San Diego.
Carol Barbee, president of the American Cat Fanciers Association, said many people would welcome such cats, providing the genetic modification did not harm the animal.
''If they end up with something that's not a cat, that's not fine,'' Ms. Barbee said.
The Avners defend their effort. ''These are animals that are going to be loved and cherished and will bring joy,'' said Jackie Avner, Dr. Avner's wife, who also works at the company. Both Avners are allergic to cats, as is their 5-year-old daughter.
Dr. Avner said that since the cats would not be eaten, they raised few safety and regulatory concerns and would in fact be safer than taking allergy medications, as some cat owners now do. Also, the cats will be spayed or neutered that so the allergen-free trait would not be passed to other cats and so that the company could protect its investment.
The company said it planned to sell the cats for $750 to $1,000 each, about the price of some purebred animals.
But the company has not raised the $2 million it must pay Dr. Yang for the research. Dr. Avner will speak to potential investors today at a forum for young companies at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.  ''He's got a compelling business case,'' said Bela L. Musits, director of the incubator program at Rensselaer.
Scientists say that most allergic reactions to cats are caused by a single protein that is secreted by the cat and is thought to help keep its skin moist. The gene for this protein, known as Fel d1, was isolated and sequenced years ago.
Producing the allergen-free cat will require knocking out this gene so that the protein will not be produced. Mice with deleted genes are commonly produced to study the functions of genes, by seeing what happens when the gene is missing. Some scientists are trying similar approaches to remove allergenic proteins from foods.
Skin cells from a cat will be taken and grown in a test tube, Dr. Yang said. The gene for the allergen will be knocked out by replacing it with a defective copy.
The allergen-free cells will then be fused with egg cells from which the genetic material has been removed. The eggs will be induced to grow into an allergen-free embryo, which can be implanted in a surrogate. This is the technique used to clone animals like sheep and cattle.
Once some male and female allergen-free cats have been made this way, more can be made by conventional breeding.
Still, challenges remain. In addition to overcoming the problems involved in producing gene knockouts and cloning in cats, scientists also must see what effect deleting the gene will have on the cat's skin or on other bodily functions. It is quite possible the protein evolved to play some role other than making people itch and their eyes water. But Dr. Avner said the available evidence suggested the protein was not really needed by the cat.
Dr. Martin D. Chapman, a professor of medicine at the University of Virginia and a specialist on cat allergies, said that the idea is interesting, but added, ''I'm pretty sure it won't work for everyone.''
Dr. Chapman said that while the protein Fel d1 accounts for 60 percent to 90 percent of the allergies to cats, there are other proteins that some people are allergic to.
If Transgenic Pets succeeds with cats, it might turn to dogs. But that could prove more difficult because dogs have more than one allergen.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Events
''PUPPETRY OF SHADOW AND LIGHT,'' an exhibition of international puppets and video clips from various productions, on view through Sept. 16 at the New York Public Library for the Performing Arts at Lincoln Center. Weekend hours: noon to 6 p.m. today and tomorrow; closed Sundays. Free. Information: (212) 870-1630.
DANCE PERFORMANCES, by students taking part in the American Ballet Theater's Summer Intensive Program, today at noon and 4 p.m. at La Guardia High School for the Performing Arts, Amsterdam Avenue and 65th Street. Tickets, $12. Information: (212) 477-3030.
''TALES OF THE TEMPLE,'' a storytelling and crafts workshop drawn from the history of the Temple in Jerusalem, Sunday at 2 p.m. at the Yeshiva University Museum, 15 West 16th Street, Manhattan. Free with museum admission, $6; 5 to 17, $4; 5 and younger, free. Information: (212) 294-8330.
ANNUAL SHIP AND BOAT MODEL FESTIVAL, where young salts can learn about model-boat making and visit historic ships docked at the South Street Seaport Museum, Pier 16, Fulton and Beekman Streets, Lower Manhattan. Tomorrow, 1 to 4 p.m.; materials fee, $5. Information: (212) 748-8758.
''SPACE ADVENTURES,'' an interactive display with places to build a robot, create an extraterrestrial and write a space story, at the Central Library of the Queens Borough Public Library, 89-11 Merrick Boulevard, Jamaica. Through Aug. 23. Mondays through Fridays, 10 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.; Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. Information: (718) 990-8665.
DIGITAL PROJECTS, completed by high school students taking part in a day camp that promotes the fusion of art and technology, on view today and tomorrow, noon to 6 p.m., at Eyebeam, 540 West 21st Street, Chelsea. Information: (718) 222-3982, Ext. 24.
PATHMARK MULTICULTURAL FESTIVAL, part of National KidsDay, will be celebrated with games, rides and entertainment, Sunday from noon to 6 p.m. at the Kips Bay Girls and Boys Club, 1930 Randall Avenue, the Bronx. Information: (866) 894-1812; pathmark.com.
DANCE AND DINOSAURS, at the Brooklyn Children's Museum, 145 Brooklyn Avenue, at St. Marks Avenue, Crown Heights. Tonight at 6:30, a performance by the Brighton Ballet and Folk Dance Company. Sunday at 1 p.m., a make-your-own-dinosaur workshop. Included with museum admission, $4. Information: (718) 735-4400.
Theater
''THE SUMMER OF THE SWANS,'' about a girl's coming of age, by Theaterworks/USA at the Lucille Lortel Theater, 121 Christopher Street, Greenwich Village. Today, 10:45 a.m. and 6:30 p.m.; tomorrow at 2 p.m.; Sunday at 3 p.m. Through Aug. 20. Free tickets available one hour before the performance. Information: (212) 627-7373.
''THE TRIALS OF ALICE IN WONDERLAND,'' a comic musical, presented by TADA! at the CAP 21 Theater, 15 West 28th Street, second floor, Manhattan. Tomorrow at 2 and 4 p.m. Tickets, $15; children 15 and younger, $7. Information: (212) 252-1619.
''PERICLES,'' a contemporary adaptation of the Shakespeare play by the teenage members of the Looking for Shakespeare Company, today and tomorrow at 2 p.m. at the Provincetown Playhouse, 133 Macdougal Street, Greenwich Village. Free. Information and reservations: (212) 998-5867.
''THE PRINCE AND THE PAUPER,'' a musical adaptation of the Mark Twain tale, continues at the Lamb's Theater, 130 West 44th Street, Manhattan. Performances Tuesdays at 7 p.m.; Wednesdays and Thursdays at 2 and 7 p.m.; Fridays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; and Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $50 and $55. Through Aug. 31. Information: (212) 239-6200.
''CINDERELLA,'' performed with hand-carved marionettes by Puppetworks, 338 Sixth Avenue, at Fourth Street, Park Slope, Brooklyn. Tomorrow and Sunday at 12:30 and 2:30 p.m. Weekends through Aug. 24. Tickets: $7; children, $6. Information: (718) 965-3391.
SPARE TIMES<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Therese Loncke, a tourist from Belgium, wandered into Central Park yesterday  to escape the breakneck pace of her five-day New York City vacation. She was confronted by thousands of people, two elephants, booming amplifiers and enough  candy bars to sate several elementary schools.
"It should be peaceful in this park," she said. "Everything else in New York  is noisy."
All yesterday afternoon, Rumsey Playfield near the park's 72d Street entrance off Fifth Avenue was the scene of a giant promotion to introduce a new  Snickers candy bar, one with more peanuts.
But it was more than just a commercial. It was a chapter in an aggressive and growing city program to allow private companies to shill in exchange for donations to the financially troubled park system.
As the recreation season approaches, it promises to be the busiest summer yet for give-and-take deals in city parks. Such events in coming months include sponsored tournaments for volleyball, Frisbee, roller hockey and board games.
Certainly the most visible deal was last summer's premiere of "Pocahontas" on Central Park's Great Lawn, for which the Walt Disney Company paid $1 million. On Easter, Met Food put down $25,000 to sponsor the annual Easter egg roll. Snickers gave $20,000 yesterday, along with $5,000 worth of candy bars. It also  transformed Rumsey Playfield for the event; then it goes back to the way it was.
In a deal that will be less temporary, Modell Sporting Goods is preparing basketball backboards with advertising slogans that are to be installed in June  in schoolyards jointly operated by the Parks Department and the Board of Education. The company is paying $135,000 for the privilege, as well as supplying and maintaining boards in park playgrounds adjacent to schools for a two-year period.
But many who happened on the Snickers event yesterday were skeptical. "It's called rent-a-park," said Michael De Stefano, a skater who works for the city Transportation Department. "They did it for Disney. They'll do it for anybody."
Tibor Meszaros, a systems analyst out for a walk, stopped to see what was going on. "It's too much, no?" he said. "I prefer a park to be quiet and have nobody bothering you."
Others, frankly, loved it. "It's great, it's terrific," said Greg Petroski as he checked out some of the skating acrobats. "Put us down for more Snickers."
Pat D'Amato, a spokeswoman for M & M/Mars, which makes Snickers, said the park was chosen because of its reputation as a recreation center. "Our major market is 18- to 24-year-old males," she said. "That works well with this location."
The event also attracted the attention of the NBC "Today" program, which featured the giveaway on its broadcast yesterday.
The promotion began 10 days earlier, when 10,000 elephant footprints were placed throughout the city, and elephant images were projected on buildings; the jaws moved as if the animals were chewing peanuts.
In addition to handing out free candy and ice cream bars, Snickers offered free exhibitions of roller hockey and basketball. Champion, the clothing maker,  sponsored an obstacle course called "Guts and Glory." Like other commercial events in parks, the motif is kept sports-oriented in keeping with the parks' recreational purpose. It also makes them more palatable to parks advocates.
One visitor who had a special interest in the nutty spectacle was Deborah Landau, executive director of the City Parks Foundation, which will get most of  the $20,000 to distribute among less-affluent parks. She supports such events, pointing out that this one was not in "one of the meditative areas of Central Park" and that tight budgets -- the Parks work force has been halved in the last five years -- make commercialization unavoidable. She also said that sponsors provided free recreation that would not otherwise exist.
On May 31 and June 1 and 2, for example, the Pro Beach Volleyball tour will be staged in Central Park. The league is contributing $35,000 and will also pay  for an amateur volleyball tournament, "Battle of the Boroughs," next weekend.
From Aug. 8 to 11, the Women's Professional Volleyball Association will hold  a tournament in Central Park. It will pay $35,000 and sponsor an amateur tournament.
On June 22, "Game Day" will be held in front of the Arsenal, the Parks Department headquarters on Fifth Avenue, featuring a variety of board games. The Parks Department is negotiating with toy companies to sponsor the event. Talks are also under way with Speedo to sponsor the opening of the city's pools next month.
Proceeds from such events usually go to park programs for children too poor to go to camps, Ms. Landau said.
"There has been a total realignment of the municipal commitment to parks," she said. Then she took her daughter Emma, 3, to get a free candy bar.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: The classrooms where generations of Braintree students struggled with algebra and passed notes are well on their way to becoming the kitchens and bedrooms of condominiums, the result of a conversion project by Francis X. Messina, Braintree's largest developer.
The classrooms where generations of Braintree students struggled with algebra and passed notes are well on their way to becoming the kitchens and bedrooms of condominiums, the result of a conversion project by Francis X. Messina, Braintree's largest developer.
The school - in the center of Braintree, a suburb 15 miles south of Boston - was built in 1927 as the town high school and it also served as a focal center for the community.
In 1969, it was changed to a middle school and in 1981 was closed after years of declining enrollments. The Georgian-style building then lay vacant and was substantially damaged by vandalism by the time Mr. Messina's company bought it for $413,000 in June 1986.
The conversion project is an unusual one for Braintree, a town of 36,000 residents where single-family homes dominate in pleasant neighborhoods punctuated by huge shopping malls. While housing development is prospering in Braintree, the construction of business and office space has become dominant, especially since the Boston subway was extended to the town.
To the delight of old-time residents, the old school will continue to look like a suburban school from the outside. The interior, however, has been gutted. What was once a stage for school plays will become a function room for the communal use of residents, and the auditorium and ground-floor cafeteria have been reshaped as a multilevel atrium, to be furnished with 24-foot trees, a fountain and sitting areas.
The classrooms are being rearranged into one-, two- and three-bedroom units. Eight of the apartments will be duplexes, including two penthouses in the rear where the building rises from three stories to four. Many of the dwellings will have separate dining rooms as well as dens; some will have private balconies and more than half will have fireplaces.
Construction on the project, which is known as The Landmark, began in early 1987 and is expected to be completed in April, at a cost of $10 million. The 58 units will sell for $150,000 to $340,000, roughly the price range for single-family homes in Braintree.
The project's architect, Eden Milroy, has worked on five other school conversions in the Boston area. ''I really enjoy working with schools,'' he said. ''You get very high ceilings and very large windows. It tends to contribute to a feeling of spaciousness you rarely get in new construction.''  NORTHEAST NOTEBOOK<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A. RICHARD GOLUB, the flamboyant Manhattan lawyer of celebrities, has been vindicated by the Appellate Division of the New York State Supreme Court, which on Thursday set aside a judgment against him that was based on allegations that he had had a sexual relationship with a client.
WARREN EDWARDS, the shoe manufacturer, had sued Mr. Golub, asserting that the lawyer, who had represented his former wife, ELISABETH ANN EDWARDS in the couple's divorce proceedings, should be removed from the case and penalized. Mr. Golub did withdraw, but never acknowledged the relationship. The appeals court said in its decision, "There is no authority in this state which would require withdrawal in the circumstances presented." A lower-court decision in Mr. Edwards's favor on May 9, 1990, had set damages at $10,000.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Some of the greatest hits of Hoboken's most famous native, Frank Sinatra, will be sung close to home when Barry Manilow reprises songs from the repertory of Ol' Blue Eyes in his performance tonight at the New Jersey Performing Arts Center in Newark.
Mr. Manilow's 30th album, ''Manilow Sings Sinatra,'' is a tribute released in late 1998. Songs from the album will make up part of the program at 8 p.m. tonight.
Mr. Manilow's career, highlighted with hits like ''Mandy,'' ''Copacabana'' and ''I Write the Songs,'' has had 38 Top 40 hits. In addition to his own recordings, every album he has produced for other artists has been nominated for a Grammy Award, including those for Bette Midler, Nancy Wilson and Dionne Warwick, a New Jersey native who is appearing at the State Theater in New Brunswick on Friday.
Tickets for tonight's performance can be obtained through Ticketmaster or at the NJPAC box office.
KAREN DeMASTERS
JERSEY FOOTLIGHTS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>* J. M. Smucker Co., Orrville, Ohio, to Leo Burnett, Chicago, to handle advertising for its Smucker's jams, jellies and preserves and Mrs. Smith's frozen foods. The Smucker's account, which was previously handled by Wyse Advertising, Cleveland and New York, was placed in review when Smucker acquired Mrs. Smith's in February. Burnett handled Mrs. Smith's when that company was owned by Kellogg. The finalists in the review, in addition to Burnett and Wyse, were Foote, Cone & Belding, Chicago, and Ally & Gargano, Bozell and Messner Vetere Berger McNamee Schmetterer Euro RSCG, all of New York. Combined billings were estimated at $15 million to $20 million.
* University of Michigan Medical Center, Ann Arbor, Mich., to J. Walter Thompson Detroit, to handle its strategic marketing and communications account, previously at W. B. Doner & Co., Southfield, Mich. Billings were not disclosed. * Inc. magazine, New York, to Anderson & Lembke, New York, for its consumer and trade advertising account, long inactive. The agency was selected after a review that also included Grybauskas Beatrice, Griffin Bacall and Campbell Mithun Esty, all in New York. Billings were not disclosed. * VTS Travel Services, New York, to Emmerling Post, New York, to create a new logo and corporate image as well as a broadcast, print and direct-mail campaign directed at business travelers in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. The assignment followed a review that included the incumbent, Dick Levy Advertising, New York, and Saatchi & Saatchi Advertising, New York. Billings were not disclosed. * Sunkist vitamins, Sydney, Australia, to Bozell Australia, Sydney, for advertising, after a competition for the new account that included Henderson & Partners and Hammond & Thackery, both in Sydney. Billings were not disclosed.  THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING -- ADDENDA<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>THIS WEEK<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Sanford N. McDonnell, a 6-foot-2-inch native of Arkansas, says he feels vigorous enough to keep working even though he has announced his retirement as chairman and chief executive of the McDonnell Douglas Corporation, effective March 2.
Sanford N. McDonnell, a 6-foot-2-inch native of Arkansas, says he feels vigorous enough to keep working even though he has announced his retirement as chairman and chief executive of the McDonnell Douglas Corporation, effective March 2.
Mr. McDonnell said in a statement that ''I've long believed that no one should remain in the top position at a major corporation much beyond the age of 65, and retiring now is a way of practicing what I preach.'' He turned 65 years old in October.
He will be succeeded by John F. McDonnell, 49, his cousin and the son of the company's founder, James S. McDonnell. John McDonald, an aeronautical engineer, is the company's president and will retain that title.
Sanford McDonnell, who has been chief executive for eight and a half years, said he was glad to be retiring when the St. Louis-based military contractor and commercial airplane maker ''is in good shape.''
Mr. McDonnell helped turn around the company's fortunes. In the 1970's, a battle between McDonnell Douglas's DC-10 and the Lockheed Corporation's L-1011 wide-bodied jets forced Lockheed out of the business and caused huge losses for McDonnell Douglas.
Mr. McDonnell had to struggle to keep open the Douglas Aircraft division, which makes the company's commerical airplanes. DC-10 orders had ground to a halt partly because airlines were buying fewer planes in a recession and partly because the planes had been involved in several accidents. A plan to lease MD-80 jets to airlines that had no obligation to buy them helped provide the income that kept the division afloat.
Last year, McDonnell Douglas earned $313 million, on sales of $13.5 billion, compared with profits of $277.5 million, on sales of $12.66 billion, in 1986.
But analysts said the company faced several challenges. ''John F. McDonnell takes the helm at a time when the ship is sound but the weather is very stormy,'' said Wolfgang H. Demisch, an aerospace analyst for the First Boston Corporation.
One major challenge is whether the $1.5 billion MD-11 commercial aircraft program, which Sanford McDonnell initiated, will be a success. The MD-11, an updated version of the DC-10, competes mainly with the A340 of Airbus Industrie, the four-nation European consortium. Mr. McDonnell has likened the development of a new plane to a ''Las Vegas-type'' undertaking, while others have said called it high-stakes poker.
John McDonnell holds bachelor's and master's degrees in aeronautics from Princeton University. He joined McDonnell Aircraft as a strength engineer in 1962. In 1968, he was named vice president of the McDonnell Douglas Finance Corporation and held several finance jobs until being named executive vice president of the corporation in 1977.
BUSINESS PEOPLE<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Responding further to Magic Johnson's request last week to end his endorsement relationship with Converse Inc., the shoe company sharpened its criticism of him and said commercials featuring him would continue to run as planned.
Gib Ford, Converse's president in North Reading, Mass., said Friday that despite Mr. Johnson's remarks that he was unhappy with Converse's advertising and marketing strategies, "the real issue is over money."
Mr. Ford added that Mr. Johnson appeared to have been motivated to terminate a contract expiring in August 1994 because "he believes there are more attractive opportunities" than Converse. The basketball superstar has worked for Converse since 1979.
The commercials, which began running last month, will appear throughout the Summer Olympics, which end Aug. 9. Mr. Johnson's co-stars in the spots, which salute the United States Olympic basketball team, are Larry Bird and Larry Johnson.
Lon Rosen, Mr. Johnson's agent, said Friday: "We were surprised Mr. Ford attacked Magic the way he did. If this was about financial gain, we would have asked Converse to renegotiate Magic's existing contract."
Mr. Rosen said Mr. Johnson was not negotiating with other shoe marketers, adding, "He just doesn't believe in the Converse company any more."  THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING -- ADDENDA<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Readers with information about other articles by Jayson Blair that may be false wholly or in part are asked to e-mail The Times: retrace@nytimes.com.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD:
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3* Ambase Corp. (NYSE)
Qtr to March 31
1990
1989
Revenue
777,000,000
848,000,000
Net loss
42,000,000
b26,000,000
Share earns
-
.75
Shares outst
34,000,000
34,200,000
b-Net income
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3* Ambase Corp. (NYSE)
Qtr to March 31
1990
1989
Revenue
777,000,000
848,000,000
Net loss
42,000,000
b26,000,000
Share earns
-
.75
Shares outst
34,000,000
34,200,000
b-Net income<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: The fir-covered slopes of the High Sierra of California are teeming with blacktailed and mule deer now, and when fall replaces summer here the hunters will come to shoot them just as surely as the winter snows will follow.
The fir-covered slopes of the High Sierra of California are teeming with blacktailed and mule deer now, and when fall replaces summer here the hunters will come to shoot them just as surely as the winter snows will follow.
But the lure of the hunt is not what it used to be for Chuck Mears, a construction worker from Sacramento who says he won't be coming up here much this deer season.
''The area has just been infiltrated with houses,'' he said. ''They're moving the deer back further and further.''
Mr. Mears's sentiments are widely shared. From the north woods of Maine to the deserts of Southern California, the ancient pursuit of hunting is experiencing a broad decline.
The reasons speak volumes about the changing face of America as its rural past recedes into distant memory. Urbanization has turned villages into cities, shrinking wildlife habitats, though not always wildlife populations. Recreational tastes and habits have changed, with some people waging successful campaigns against hunting. Tighter controls have been placed on dwindling supplies of game.
Nowhere is the trend more pronounced than here in California, the most populous state. Even as the state's population swelled by 35 percent from 1970 to 1986, to 27 million, the number of resident hunting licenses issued plummeted 44 percent. In New York State, the number of resident licenses has dropped 18 percent since 1981.
''There's less and less quality land to hunt on,'' said Gerald H. Upholt, executive director of the 80,000-member California Wildlife Federation. ''A guy could go out for a week and not see an animal. Also our population is changing. More people are turning to other kinds of recreation, like watching a ball game, that do not cost as much or take as much time.''
Nationally, the figures are less dramatic, but the trend is similar. While the American population increased 20 percent over the last two decades, the United States Fish and Wildlife Service reports the number of licenses issued by the 50 states fluctuated only slightly, peaking in 1982 at 16.7 million; by 1987 the figure was 15.8 million.
An apparent exception is Michigan, where licenses rose by 56 percent in a decade.
Hunting restrictions there were loosened recently because of an explosion in the deer population, something that has also been reported in several Northeastern states, including New York and Connecticut, in recent years.
In themselves, license figures are not a direct gauge of hunting trends, since the requirements and fees change often and not all hunters are obliged to buy a license. But hunting leaders confirm the overall trend.
Millions of hunters, wearing camouflage and carrying expensive firearms, will fan out into the woods and marshes in September and October when the season for deer, waterfowl, pheasant and other game opens in most states. But in many parts, their ranks will be thinner than at any time in recent years. Human Assault
Receding natural habitat is a major factor apparent even here deep in the Northern California wilds of the Lassen National Forest, considered the best area for deer hunting in the state. Retirees from the San Francisco Bay area, 225 miles away, are putting up homes around Lake Almanor, forcing people like Mr. Mears to drive an extra 20 miles to find good hunting.
The human assault is most dramatic in Southern California, where developers have put the animals at bay. ''Drive down Interstate 5 south of San Juan Capistrano - most of those communities did not exist 12 years ago,'' said Bob Fusco, a Navy engineer in San Diego who is president of the California Wildlife Federation.
''I've got a brand new shotgun and I've only fired it twice at doves,'' complained Kenneth H. Taylor, a 67-year-old retiree in Ridgecrest, Calif. ''There simply aren't any out there.'' More Posting Seen
A continent away in southern Maine, rapid development is shutting off land. ''Traditionally, private land was open to the public, but in southern Maine we're seeing more posting,'' said Fred Hurley of the Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife.
Moose hunting is more popular than ever in Maine, but Ron Masure, owner of Leisure Life Lodge in Greenville, Me., said that many New England deer hunters have been lured to Canada, where the success rate is higher in the wilderness of provinces like Nova Scotia.
Hunting remains as much a hallowed tradition as football in Texas, but it has slacked off somewhat there, too, mainly because of the cripplied oil economy. Dale Bigger, a bearded burly hunting guide and taxidermist in Humble said the days of the big corporate-sponsored hunts is over for now. ''I used to have guys fly their Lear jets right onto the ranch,'' he said. 'Not Fun Anymore'
Even such veteran Texas hunters as Charles Garrison, a Houston businessman whose office is festooned with five deer heads, a boar's head and a stuffed bobcat frozen in a lunge, finds the enterprise less attractive, given the cost of hunting leases. ''It's got too expensive,'' he said. ''It's not fun anymore if you're paying more than you think you should.''
Another major factor is that a maturing generation has grown up largely in an urban environment with many other distractions. ''I grew up on a farm and there wasn't much to do in the fall except hunt,'' said William P. Anderson, chief of the hunting license division at the Pennsylvania Game Commission. ''Now I live in a town, and my kids and everyone else's have all these sports to choose from.'' Nonlethal Activities
In addition, there is evidence that Americans' attitudes toward wildlife, perhaps influenced by the potent environmental movement, have changed. According to a survey taken by the Fish and Wildlife Service, the number of Americans over 16 engaging in such nonlethal activities as birdwatching, and feeding and photographing wild animals grew from 83 million in 1980 to 135 million in 1985.
Some hunters have been deterred by rising license fees and tightened controls. The California Department of Fish and Game has angered some hunters by alloting deer tags in the most popular places by lottery to limit the number of hunters and relieve pressure on shrinking habitats.
This has meant that local people in these areas often cannot hunt near their homes. ''Some of the less serious hunters have dropped out,'' said Terry Mansfield, fish and wildlife manager with the department. Big Business
Big game is big business. The Fish and Wildlife Service estimates that hunters spent $10.1 bilion in 1985 on guns, telescopic sights, food, lodging, magazines and the like. While the overall slowdown has not been great enough to cause sales drops for most equipment makers, neither has there been great growth.
Paul S. Thompson, spokesman for Browning, the maker of guns and hunting accessories in Morgan, Utah, said the company had continued to prosper by diversifying into other outdoor sports, selling items like archery equipment, boots and clothing. It also promotes such growing sports as skeet and target shooting.
''The market is not growing like it was 20 or 30 years ago,'' he said. ''Some smaller companies are probably being affected and it's certainly not an easy business to get into now.'' Doubling Clientele
Increasingly unhappy about conditions in national forests and other public lands, well-heeled hunters are often turning to operators of ''quality'' hunts on private preserves.
''Our clientele is almost doubling every year,'' said Cliff Sebasto, hunting manager at the Work Ranch in San Miguel, in central California, where hunters get a plenty of game, a clean lodge and homecooked meals by Mr. Sebasto's wife. In Texas, the Y. O. Ranch near Kerrville offers a swimming pool and guided hunt of 36 species including such exotic animals as axis deer and aoudad sheep.
Many hunters believe the sport has been hurt by the growing anti-hunting movement in liberal states like California, where such interests legally blocked this year's mountain-lion hunt and recently disrupted the bighorn sheep hunt.
''There is a real need for a nationwide education program that hunters are not bad people,'' said Rick Hill, a guide who owns Mount Chase Lodge in Patten, Me. 'Doing What We Can'
The California Wildlife Federation has attempted, in vain, to have the legislature require public schools to teach ''about the role hunting plays in wildlife management,'' according to Mr. Upholt, director. ''A lot of kids come out of school with anti-gun and anti-hunting attitudes. We are doing what we can to get the numbers of hunters back up.''
But in a nation of urbanites, that is an uphill battle. ''The younger generations are involved in so many things these days that I don't think they'll be interested in hunting,'' said Mr. Hurley, the Maine wildlife official.
''Hunting are fishing were things people used to do in their spare time.'' he said. ''They didn't have all the activities kids do today.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Iraqi electoral officials on Sunday scheduled national and provincial elections for Jan. 30 and said that nearly 200 political groups had applied to take part. But with violence endemic, voter registration was hampered in the west and north, Iraqi and United Nations officials said.
About 90 of more than 540 registration centers have been shut down because of violence or threats, said Carlos Valenzuela, the head of the United Nations electoral advisory team. The shuttered centers include all of those in Anbar Province, which includes the hostile cities of Falluja and Ramadi, and those in Ninevah Province, whose capital is Mosul, the country's third largest city and a strong base for the insurgency.
The two provinces are dominated by Sunni Arabs. American and Iraqi officials say a high Sunni voter turnout that leads to Sunni acceptance of the new government is the best hope for quelling the insurgency.
A failure to properly register voters in Anbar and Ninevah could cast doubt on the outcome of the elections and worsen the guerrilla war.
The Sunni Arabs make up one-fifth of the population of Iraq and ruled the region for centuries until the American invasion toppled Saddam Hussein, a Sunni. Mr. Hussein persecuted Kurds and Shiite Arabs. The Americans hope the elections will install legitimate majority rule by the Shiites, who make up at least 60 percent of the population, though many Sunnis remain resistant to the idea.
Electoral officials are now scrambling to find ways to ensure proper voter registration in Anbar and Ninevah without having to risk opening registration centers. ''There have been problems, but that was to be expected,'' Mr. Valenzuela said.
On Sunday, Jan. 30, Iraqis will vote for members of a 275-seat national assembly, which will then appoint a prime minister and other executives from its membership. The assembly is responsible for drafting a permanent constitution, and elections for a full-term government are planned for the end of 2005.
Iraqis will also vote on Jan. 30 for provincial leaders. The northern Kurdish region will have a third election, for a Kurdistan Assembly.
Mr. Valenzuela said voter registration sheets were distributed to the 24 registration centers in Anbar, but the centers shut down before the American troops swept into Falluja on Nov. 8.
The electoral commission decided to close the 56 registration centers in Ninevah after insurgents sparked an uprising in Mosul on Nov. 11 and overran half a dozen police stations, spurring 3,200 of the city's 4,000 police officers to abandon their jobs.
Nine other registration centers around the country have been closed because of potential violence. Two or three were in Baquba, 35 miles northeast of the capital, where guerrillas attacked police stations and American military convoys last week.
Only one center, in Baghdad, has actually been attacked, Mr. Valenzuela said. A bomb exploded outside the building recently, but no one was injured. The center remains open.
Officials are looking at alternative registration options where centers have been closed, Mr. Valenzuela said.
Abdul-Hussein Hindawi, the head of the Independent Electoral Commission of Iraq, said one option was to let Iraqis register the day of the elections at the polling stations.
As of Sunday, 198 parties had applied to participate in the elections, 44 of them with just a single person. The commission had approved 126. More than 15 parties were Sunni-dominated, Mr. Hindawi said.
THE CONFLICT IN IRAQ: VOTING<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>WHO -- Rick Kent, 58, a school superintendent from Grand Haven, Mich., shown with his wife, Chris, 60, a school public relations director.  WHAT -- 3-bedroom house  WHERE -- Iron River, Mich.
We built a log home two years ago that is right on the Brule River. It's remote -- if we put the canoe in the river, it takes us over three hours to reach the next cabin. We're off the road a mile in the woods and generate our own electricity through solar power. The cabin is on the Upper Peninsula, 500 miles from our home in Grand Haven, but we use it all year round and keep the heat on so it is ready for us.
We're across the river from the Nicolet National Forest and like the idea that we are close to the wilderness. The wildlife is absolutely an appeal. We've seen black bears, wolves, coyotes, bobcats, deer, beaver, otter and mink. We can see eagles every day. There has even been a cougar sighting in the area, but I haven't seen it yet.
In the winter we get wolves and coyotes, while the bears are most active in the late summer and early fall. One time watching from our house, we saw a huge black bear crossing the river to go into the forest. Usually, though, we have to make sure we don't attract bears, so there is a certain degree of caution that we take with, say, the garbage.
We have kids throughout the country, and they'll come up for family get-togethers and just to relax. There is plenty to do up here -- snowshoeing, cross-country skiing, hiking and fly fishing for trout. There's also all kinds of hunting, too, from partridge to bear. Chris is an artist, so she uses the wilderness as an inspiration in her work. The studio is on the lower level of the house, which has large windows overlooking the river. She paints landscapes and other scenes from the outdoors, including animals, and often incorporates material from nature in her work.
As told to Amy Gunderson
ON THE MARKET  Information was provided by the listing companies.
WHERE -- Tucson, Ariz.  WHAT -- 4-bedroom house  HOW MUCH -- $2.6 million  Rattlesnakes and bobcats share a desert canyon with this 3,990-square-foot contemporary Southwestern house in northern Tucson. The property is 4.7 acres within a gated community. The house has a swimming pool with a waterfall, decks with mountain and city views, three full and two half bathrooms, a stone fireplace, granite counters, a three-car garage and rooms that can be used as offices or as media rooms. It was built in 2003. Agent: Janell Jellison, Long Realty Company, (520)918-5469,www.janelljellison.com.
WHERE -- Westcliffe, Colo.  WHAT -- 3-bedroom cabin  HOW MUCH -- $599,000  This 2,290-square-foot cabin, overlooking the Sangre de Cristo Mountains, is surrounded on three sides by public land. The property is 187 acres with mountain lions, black bears, elk, antelope, mule deer and bighorn sheep. The cabin has solar power, two bathrooms, a wood-burning stove, a vaulted ceiling and a deck. Agent: Jack Canterbury, United Country-Wapiti Realty, (866)492-7484, www.westcliffecolorado.com.
WHERE -- Lake Charles, La.  WHAT -- 3-bedroom house  HOW MUCH -- $389,000  Alligators are common in Contraband Bayou, where this 3,820-square-foot house has 124 feet of frontage and a boat dock. The bayou connects with the Calcasieu River and the Gulf of Mexico. The house is brick and on one level. It has a large marble-floored entrance hall, three bathrooms, an attached carport, a storage room, a formal dining room, a library and a deck that overlooks the water. The property is just under an acre and has a small pond. Agent: Rose Holland, Coldwell Banker Legacy, (800)299-8877, www.hollandre.com.
WHERE -- Republic, Mich.  WHAT -- 3-bedroom house  HOW MUCH -- $485,000  Bear and deer frequent the area around Caps Creek where this 1,450-square-foot house overlooks a waterfall. The house is on two levels and has two bathrooms, a stone fireplace, a newly remodeled kitchen with hickory cabinets, a sauna, two decks and a finished walk-out basement. The property is 200 acres and includes a two-car garage, a barn and a small log cabin. Republic is on the Upper Peninsula, 35 miles west of Marquette. Broker: Bob Sullivan, Northern Michigan Land Brokers, (866)231-5263, www.northernmichiganlandbrokers.com.
WHERE -- Vernon, N.J.  WHAT -- 3-bedroom house  HOW MUCH -- $329,000  Black bears are usually active from April through early winter in this part of northwestern New Jersey. This 2,050-square-foot house faces the 8,800-acre Wallkill River National Wildlife Refuge, and behind it are 220 acres of state land. It has an attached two-car garage, an eat-in kitchen, a formal dining room, two bathrooms, a laundry room and a deck off the back of the house. The property is one acre. Vernon is 50 miles from New York City. Agent: Richard Lillis, Century 21 Lazicki Realtors, (973)702-0021, www.century21.com.
WHERE -- Jackson, Wyo.  WHAT -- 4-bedroom house  HOW MUCH -- $2,569,000  Coyotes are regular visitors to this 1.76-acre property, along with deer, moose, and herds of elk, which spend winters in the valley known as Jackson Hole. Fences cannot be erected on the perimeter of the property because it is in a wildlife migration path. The house, built in 2003, is 4,333 square feet and has three fireplaces, log and rock accents throughout, three and a half bathrooms, radiant heating and a heated two-car garage. There are 1,500 square feet of decks. Agent: Barbara Kenyon, Real Estate of Jackson Hole, (888)733-6060, www.rejh.com.
HAVENS: LIVING HERE<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>BRINGLE-William F. March 19, 1999. Survived by wife Donnie and son Donald Bringle. A memorial service will be held at U.S.N.A. Chapel, Annapolis, MD, Tuesday, April 6, 2:00 PM.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>THE DOLLAR FALLS. Weak stock and bond prices in the United States discouraged demand for dollars, and the currency fell to 114.48 Japanese yen, a five and a half month low, from 115.40 on Thursday.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A new company, backed by the Blockbuster Entertainment Corporation and other investors, will introduce on Tuesday a service that lets video-game devotees play the most popular Sega and Nintendo games over local telephone lines.
Under the system, a user in one home would be able to square off with another player in the same city for games like Mortal Kombat and N.B.A. Jam. The company, Catapult Entertainment Inc., was founded earlier this year by former executives of Sony Pictures, General Magic and Apple Computer. It plans to begin offering the service in some cities before Christmas. Renewing Interest
Adam Grosser, the president of Catapult, noted that the most popular games run on the current generation of 16-bit machines and have millions of users each. The phone service is seen as a way of raising interest in a maturing technology until the arrival of 32-bit games in 1995.
"It's a really interesting way to introduce new life into old 16-bit technology," said Denise Caruso, editorial director of Technology & Media, a computer industry newsletter in San Francisco. "There's market demand for interesting ways to play games."
In the rush to new interactive media, multiplayer games are seen as one of the most promising avenues for digital cable services and personal computer networks.
The Catapult service is based on a low-speed modem that is inserted between the game machine and the video game cartridge. Mr. Grosser said Catapult, based in Cupertino, Calif., expected to generate its revenue primarily from the service part of its business, not the sale of the modem cartridge, which will probably be priced at $50 to $60.
Another start-up company, P. F. Magic, has received backing from the AT&T Corporation and others for a modem cartridge called the Edge, which would also allow games to be played over phone lines. But the company has not announced plans to support existing video games or a service for finding partners.
Users of the Catapult system will pay $5 to $10 a month for the service, depending on usage. To play a game, a user will dial a centralized computer, which will match the player against another player in his or her local area. The computer will automatically dial the other person.
"We're really a dating service," Mr. Grosser said. "The reason kids play games is for the challenge and the competition. We think we've satisfied that need."
The company would not disclose its initial investment in the service, but Mr. Grosser said that it would be able to support its activities for several years. Catapult's investors also include Davis Video Enterprises, founded by John and Marvin Davis.
Blockbuster Entertainment has been looking at the video game market as a new growth area. Last week, Newleaf Entertainment and Sega of America said that they would test-market a new electronic delivery system for video games in several Blockbuster Video stores this summer.
The new Catapult service has a potential obstacle: Parents may be concerned that the games could dominate their home's only telephone line.  But Mr. Grosser noted that if the line had a "call waiting" feature, the system would be automatically alerted to incoming calls. If the player wanted to answer the call, the game would disconnect.
Players will not be able to speak to each other over the phone line, but they can send each other a variety of pre-programmed electronic messages. "This takes a solitary activity and socializes it," Mr. Grosser said.
The Catapult system works by synchronizing the two video games and than capturing information from the video game controllers in each home. Initially, the system will support the 10 most popular games offered by Sega and Nintendo.
Catapult plans to start the service in November in Los Angeles, Chicago and New York, and later in Dallas and Atlanta. The company plans tournaments to generate interest.
While the service will be offered 24 hours a day, the company expects the peak hours to be 3 to 11 P.M. During those hours, Catapult plans to be able to match players within one minute of an inquiry.  THE MEDIA BUSINESS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Russia's former president, Boris N. Yeltsin, was reported to be improving today after a lengthy bout with flu and pneumonia even as the Kremlin fended off rumors that Mr. Yeltsin was near death.
The Interfax news agency quoted an unidentified medical official in the office of presidential affairs tonight as saying that Mr. Yeltsin could be released from the hospital in the next few days.
The medical update appeared after the Kremlin said it was responding to reports circulating in Moscow that Mr. Yeltsin had taken a turn for the worse, or had lapsed into a coma in recent days.
''We are trying to find the source of these rumors, but I can assure you that they are completely contrary to reality,'' a Kremlin spokesman said tonight.  ''He is safe and sound.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEWIS-Morton V. July 27, 1923March 18, 1986. His bright light faded too soon like a shower of shooting stars. Remember him for a little while longer, friends.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>MESSNER-Virginia M., of Levittown, Long Island on May 28, 2000. Beloved wife of the late Malcolm. Loving mother of Thomas, Patricia Giresi, Christopher, and the late John William. Dear mother-inlaw of Terry and Antonino. Cherished grandmother of Patrick, Matthew, Antonino, Melissa and Zachary. Friends may call on Wednesday from 2-5 and 7-9PM at the Thomas F. Dalton Funeral Home, Levittown Chapel, 2786 Hempstead Turnpike (2 blocks east of Wantagh Parkway). Prayer service Wednesday 8PM. Funeral Thursday 10AM. Interment Long Island National Cemetery, Pinelawn, NY. In lieu of flowers, donations to the American Cancer Society in her memory would be appreciated.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>IN 1968, Whitney M. Young Jr., then the head of the National Urban League, took the American Institute of Architects to task. He told its annual convention in no uncertain terms that the group had fostered urban blight with its "thunderous silence" and lack of black members, thereby tightening "the white noose around the central city." His speech spurred the profession and the public: architecture scholarships for minorities started flowing, the National Organization for Minority Architects was formed, and government contracts began requiring minority participation.
And there it all stopped. In 1968, black architects made up one half of 1 percent of the A.I.A.'s 20,000 members; today, these numbers have risen to 1.2 percent of 57,000 members. "African American Architects in Current Practice" by Jack Travis (Princeton Architectural Press, 1991) notes that architectural scholarships for minorities have now waned and that black-owned firms rely on now-scarce public commissions.
But in the last two years, there has been a surge of activity. Through writing, lecturing, lobbying and networking, determined young black architects like the four profiled on page C10 are trying to force the rest of the profession to pay heed again.
"There's excitement now the way there was from 1969 to 1971," said Mr. Travis, a black architect whose book tells the stories of 35 black architects.
In the last year, the Cooper-Hewitt Museum and Howard University have established archives to document the work of black designers. Last fall, Yale University mounted an exhibition of architecture by blacks, and the University of Cincinnati published a directory of 877 black architects, the first nationwide listing.
The National Organization of Minority Architects, or NOMA, is expanding, with mentor programs and grants for documentaries. The A.I.A.'s Minority Resources Committee, founded seven years ago, has been working with NOMA on projects like student competitions. This month, the A.I.A. set up a task force to further address complaints.
Still, prospects for black architects now could best be described as hazy. The A.I.A.'s statistics on sex and race, collected only since 1983, indicate a 6 percent increase in black membership since March 1991 and an 11 percent increase in black women as members. But that brings the women's ranks only to 70.
"There's a Negro spiritual," said Darrell Fitzgerald, the former chairman of the Minority Resources Committee, "that goes something like, 'I may not be where I want to be, but God, I'm better off than I was.' " Darrell Fitzgerald
"I try to see the glass as half full," said Darrell Fitzgerald, 42 years old, and he has reason for guarded optimism. Raised in public housing in Trenton, he now runs the Dallas office of John S. Chase.
Mr. Chase, a founder of NOMA and an A.I.A. fellow, attended the University of Texas in the early 1950's, and Federal marshals had to follow him around campus to insure his safety.  Mr. Fitzgerald's projects for the firm have ranged from firehouses to bank headquarters.
During his a yearlong stint as the head of the A.I.A.'s Minority Resources Committee, he heard frequent complaints from black architects about the committee's limited budget. Mr. Fitzgerald responds with some diplomacy: "I'm not trying to say that the A.I.A. doesn't care about minorities, but the pie is only so big, and so the A.I.A. puts the money where they feel it's needed."
He joined the committee, he added, "because I realized, 'Why stand on the outside and throw stones?' " Cheryl McAfee
Cheryl McAfee is following in the professional and philosophical footsteps of her father, Charles McAfee, whose architectural firm in Wichita, Kan., has designed major modernist landmarks in the area and won dozens of architectural prizes. A founder of NOMA, Mr. McAfee blazed a trail for his daughter's endeavors; after two decades of little progress, she said, "It's struggle time again."
One of three second-generation architects profiled in Mr. Travis's book, Ms. McAfee, 35, is a vice president of her father's firm and a senior project manager in a joint venture for the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta. She describes her job as "a dream." "I can't sleep more than four hours a night, I'm so full of adrenaline," she said.
Throughout her training, Ms. Mc Afee said, she faced discrimination, both because she was black and because she was a woman. While she was studying for a master's degree at Harvard University, she took a course at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and ended up tape-recording a conversation with her professor there to prove to skeptics that the professor held (and did not hesitate to express) racist beliefs. And as an undergraduate at Kansas State University, Ms. McAfee said, "I had some professors who told me other areas were much more appropriate for me, like home ec."
To nurture the next generation, she serves as vice president of NOMA and gives out her home phone number to anxious students. "Most people don't have the kind of supportive family I do and have to get by on their own grit," she said. "A good way to increase minority retention in architecture is to give them someone who will listen and give encouragement, even at 2 in the morning." Jack Travis
Jack Travis, the 40-year-old author of "African American Architects in Current Practice" never provides quick, tame answers. With long, elegant fingers constantly gesturing and intense eyes, he bounces in interviews from praise for Spike Lee and "Public Enemy" to outrage at discrimination, poverty, teen-age gangs, the A.I.A. and prominent architecture critics.
Mr. Travis, who practices in Manhattan, may qualify as one of the profession's angriest young men. But he's also one of the happiest, prone to exulting over current interior-design projects like an 8,000-square-foot house in New Jersey and Mr. Lee's Victorian town house in the Fort Greene section of Brooklyn.
Mr. Travis's work on "Jungle Fever" -- he was the architectural consultant for the Spike Lee film -- provided the impetus for his book. "I asked myself, 'What can I do beyond this movie, so people won't forget about us?' " he said. He spent $18,000 of his own money researching the 35 profiles of black architects, and as he traveled around the country, he developed an unshakable habit of speaking to students about his field.
Now serving on the A.I.A.'s new Task Force on Diversity, which met for the first time this week, he contends that major change can come only from blacks' entering the institute's "white male-dominated hierarchy."
In reply, Jean Barber, the staff director of the A.I.A.'s Minority Resources Committee, said: "There is an acknowledgment on the part of the A.I.A. that it has not been completely responsive in the past to this segment of its members. But it has a renewed commitment, as is evidenced by the formation of the new task force."
Mr. Travis has a somewhat different view. Until the balance of the institute's membership shifts, he said, "How can they expect the firms to clean up their own houses?" Robert L. Easter
Robert L. Easter sometimes spends entire weeks laboring over his duties for the National Organization of Minority Architects. Mr. Easter, formerly the organization's secretary, will become its president in the fall. "We've had a lot of presidential burnout over the years," he said. But he feels compelled to set aside paying work for his volunteer position, "to fight the perception that minorities aren't capable," he said. "There's nothing that's ever been designed that an African-American mind couldn't have conceived."
A 37-year-old graduate of Hampton Institute (now Hampton University), a primarily black school in his native Virginia, he ventured into architecture partly because his mother was a secretary in that department at Hampton.
Of 17 students in his class, only three have remained in design-related fields; the rest, he said, have escaped to "professions that offer more opportunities and are not as blind to the creativity and capabilities of African-Americans."
He and his partner, John B. Kelso, maintain offices in Richmond and Alexandria, Va., with nine employees. They specialize in "anything we can get our hands on," Mr. Easter said, from residential additions to office buildings. As president of NOMA, he said he would continue existing successful programs, including a speakers' bureau, the annual convention, student branches around the country and design competitions.
He also hopes to raise money for exhibits, films and other documentation of minority work "so that those who are trying to make our story known will not be hampered," he said. He also plans to set up an urban-policy task force headed by Harvey Gantt, the black architect and former Mayor of Charlotte, N.C., who ran against Senator Jesse Helms in 1990.
"Many of us come from there," he said, referring to troubled urban areas. "The problem has been studied to death, we have a unique perspective on it, and yet our expertise has not been sought. We will look for meaningful, implementable solutions."
Correction:  April 16, 1992, Thursday
A picture caption in The Home Section on April 9 with an article about black architects misidentified Robert L. Easter. He is to become president of the National Organization of Minority Architects in the fall. William J. Stanley 3d is the current president.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Why Go Now
Strolling through the streets of Palermo Viejo, the trendiest neighborhood in Buenos Aires right now, one wouldn't guess that the city is emerging from an economic crisis. The jacaranda trees are in bloom, and well-dressed portenos (the nickname for residents of the city) pour out of new restaurants, where they can be seen smoking, drinking and laughing.
At some of the city's hottest restaurants, it is impossible to get a reservation, even a few days in advance, and in response to the influx of foreign visitors, new hotels are opening all over town.
While other parts of the world are becoming increasingly expensive, because of the fall of the dollar, Americans visiting Argentina can still capitalize on a very favorable 3-to-1 peso-dollar exchange rate, which Argentina's central bank seems to be committed to maintaining. Before the brutal currency devaluation in 2001, from which the country is still reeling, the Argentine peso was linked to the dollar at a one-to-one ratio.
Where to Stay
The Recoleta neighborhood remains a popular destination for travelers because it is quiet, safe and central. A good option there is the 1ArtHotel, 1268 Azcuenaga; (54 11) 4821-4744; www.arthotel.com.ar, which opened in March 2004. A couple of blocks away from the heart of Recoleta's shopping district, the boutique hotel is decorated with wrought-iron doors, a spiral staircase and huge arched windows. The bright, airy lobby doubles as an art gallery (hence the name) where young Argentine artists show their work. For the first week of each month, there is a party to celebrate the work of a new artist. Rooms start at $65 a night at $3 to the Argentine peso and include breakfast.
In the increasingly popular Puerto Madero neighborhood, with its seductive waterfront views, well-heeled tourists have begun flocking to the 2 Faena Hotel + Universe, 445 Martha Salotti; (54 11) 4010-9000 or www.faenahotelanduniverse.com. The interior -- all black marble, red velvet and glass, festooned with white plaster unicorn heads -- looks like what might happen if David Lynch and Ian Schrager had a lovechild. It is quite striking, if a bit cold and peculiar.
The brainchild of the Argentine businessman Alan Faena and the French hotel designer Philippe Starck, the Faena cost $100 million to build, and opened in October. (Rates range from $300 a night to $1,200 for the 900-square-foot Porteno suite.) But part of the hotel is still under construction, and amenities like the Turkish bath and the spa service will not be ready until January. Indeed, only 40 percent of the rooms are in service now.
Where to Eat
If nothing else, this is an Atkins-friendly country: per-capita beef consumption is the highest in the world. At a traditional parrilla (steak house), you can get a delicious cut of beef for about $3. Empanada shops abound, where little meat-filled snacks cost less than a dollar. Meanwhile, new fusion restaurants have been popping up in Palermo Viejo, featuring the work of adventurous chefs.
After you've checked out the 3Casa Rosada (a k a the Pink House, the Argentine equivalent of the White House), in the center of town, you might feel a bit nostalgic for Argentina's Belle Epoque. Go to Argentina's oldest bar, 4Cafe Tortoni, Avenida de Mayo 825; (54 11) 4342-4328, and sit amid bronze busts of Jorge Luis Borges and paintings of Evita Peron. Grab a beer and a lomito (steak sandwich) for under $10.
One recent addition to the Palermo Viejo dining scene is 5 Olsen, 5870 Gorriti; (54 11) 4776-7677, where the executive chef, German Martitegui, creates his signature Scandinavian-Argentine fusion cuisine in a blond-wood palace of modern design. Start with a caviar appetizer paired with samplings of various vodkas and aquavits.
For dessert, try the molten chocolate cake filled with a hot dulce de leche core, and swimming in a white chocolate yogurt sauce. And if you ever doubted that Argentines eat dinner late, note that Sunday brunch at Olsen is served until 8:30 p.m.
What to Do During the Day
When you arrive in Buenos Aires, it will probably be before noon, after a long, and -- if you are in coach -- uncomfortable flight. The best way to dive headfirst into vacation bliss is to visit a day spa. At the 6 Aqua Vita Medical Spa, 1965 Arenales; (54 11) 4812-5989, in Recoleta, you can get the Aqua Luna treatment, which includes an hour massage, followed by a body-exfoliation treatment for the equivalent of $60. Two and a half hours later, you'll walk out feeling like a piece of tenderized meat.
The newest museum in town is 7 Malba, short for Museo de Arte Latinoamericano de Buenos Aires, 3415 Avenida Figueroa Alcorta; (54 11) 4808-6500. Opened in 2001, the museum's permanent collection features 20th-century works from 78 Latin American artists, among them the Mexican painter Frida Kahlo and the Chilean surrealist Roberto Matta.
What to Do at Night
For a big, festive night of tango, try 8 El Querandi, 312 Peru; (54 11) 4345-0331, in San Telmo. The elaborate nightly show, featuring dramatic dancing and some of the best Argentine crooners you'll ever hear, includes a traditional three-course dinner (salad, beef and dulce de leche flan), and costs around $45 a person. For a more intimate setting, and a smaller check, try 9La Bodeguita del Tango at the Moliere theater, also in San Telmo, 678 Balcarce; (54 11) 4343-0777).
As for clubbing, 10 Opera Bay (225 Cecilia Grierson; (54 11) 4315-8666, is the place to sweat Saturday nights away. The huge Puerto Madero dance hall, built to resemble the Sydney Opera House, has a cover charge of $15. The hall is also host to an ''after office'' party on Wednesdays, starting at 11.
If you find yourself wandering the streets of Palermo Viejo at night, try an inventive cocktail or two at the low-key watering hole 11Mundo Bizarro, 4802 Guatemala; (54 11) 4773-1967. A place to find out about the biggest parties is www.whatsupbuenosaires.com, a site started by an American expatriate banker-turned-D.J.
Where to Shop
Every weekend there's a colorful hippie-ish crafts fair, 12 Feria de Arte, in Palermo Viejo's Plaza Julio Cortazar (Serrano y Honduras), where more than 40 vendors will sell paintings, clothing, handmade jewelry and home furnishings.
The whole neighborhood is peppered with little boutiques selling the wares of new Argentine designers, where tourists can get fashionable clothing at reasonable prices any day of the week. 13 Mercer, 1686 Gurruchaga; (54 11) 4833-4587, sells trendy casual clothing for men; try on the jeans. Across the street, there's 14 Fortunata Alegria, 1739 Gurruchaga; (54 11) 4831-8197, where you can find delicate women's dresses and cute tops.
On First Visit or Your 10th
Take an evening walk along the water in Puerto Madero. After 100 years of disrepair, the city began a revitalization campaign for the old port in 1989, and today just about everything along the waterfront is new.
Head over to the promenade along the waterfront. The historic brick buildings that line the canal now house some of the finest restaurants in Buenos Aires, most of which have tables outside facing the canal, which gives a perfect opportunity to enjoy a crisp glass of Mendoza wine.
Cross the canal by the new modern footbridge -- the Puente de la Mujer, 15or Bridge of the Woman -- designed by the Spanish architect Santiago Calatrava. (The asymmetric design was intended to evoke the image of a couple doing a tango.) On the other side, you can see the lights of the city sparkling in the distance.
How to Get There
International flights land at Ezeiza International Airport (officially Aeropuerto Internacional Ministro Pistarini de Ezeiza), approximately 20 miles southwest of the city. From there, a taxi will cost about $25. From New York, airline prices to Buenos Aires vary, but in high season typically run in the $1,000 range for a 21-day advance-purchase coach seat on American Airlines, which flies direct from Kennedy Airport in New York. The flight is 10 hours 43 minutes.
How to Get Around
Cabs in Buenos Aires are abundant and cheap. Rarely will a ride through town in a yellow-and-black radio taxi cost more than $3. The more adventurous traveler may choose to use the Subte subway system, which is the oldest in South America. Trains run from about 5 a.m. to about 10:45 p.m., and rides cost less than a quarter. Maps can be found at www.subte.com.ar.
GOING TO<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3*Nu Horizons Electronics (AMEX)
Qtr to Feb 29
1992
1991
Sales
10,843,916
10,011,850
Net inc
58,085
b14,546
Share earns
.01
-
Shares outst
4,512,393
4,474,226
Yr sales
42,187,636
39,007,394
Net inc
296,816
155,353
Share earns
.07
.04
Shares outst
4,515,533
4,477,559
b-Net loss<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
The PGA Tour, in defending itself against Casey Martin, a determined and talented golfer, is in a no-win situation (Sports pages, Feb. 2), and the sooner the tour realizes it the better. Rather than applauding this courageous young man, the tour is putting a dent in a game whose popularity has increased tenfold in the last few years. Perhaps it's time for the sponsors of the various PGA tournaments to step forward and voice the indignation that most weekend golfers feel.
GIL GHITELMAN  New York, Feb. 3, 1998<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>WEST--Steven G. Beloved husband to Mary. Loving father to Dan and Lee. Beloved brother to Marilyn. To all his dear friends at West Point, Annapolis, and the boating people. Interment Arlington National Cemetery, Tuesday, February 21, 11 AM.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The Lower Manhattan Development Corporation was ordered yesterday by a State Supreme Court justice to explain why it eliminated an entry titled ''Twin Piers'' from the World Trade Center memorial competition. The entry was apparently under serious consideration until early last month.
The justice, William A. Wetzel, did not go so far as to prevent the corporation from announcing eight competition finalists tomorrow. Instead, he scheduled a hearing next Tuesday, leaving open the possibility that he might reinstate ''Twin Piers,'' at least temporarily.
The entry calls for two piers extending from Battery Park that would be as long as the trade center towers were tall. Conceived by Fred A. Bernstein, who contributes articles on architecture for The New York Times and other publications, the proposal was submitted to the competition by Mr. Bernstein's domestic partner, Charles Upchurch, an assistant professor at Florida State University. Mr. Bernstein, who has a Web site describing ''Twin Piers,'' submitted a separate proposal called ''Listen'' under his own name.
Competition rules specify that no one may register more than once or be a member of more than one team. ''We have an obligation to protect the integrity of the process,'' said Matthew Higgins, the chief operating officer of the development corporation.
Glenn Greenwald, a lawyer for Mr. Upchurch, who filed the lawsuit that led to yesterday's order, said Mr. Bernstein had given up on ''Twin Piers'' as a competition possibility. Mr. Upchurch submitted it on his own, believing that it was the best proposal.
Mr. Upchurch said he was told on Sept. 17 that the proposal had made it to the next round of the competition. Three weeks later, he was told it was no longer being considered. An article in The New York Post on Nov. 7 said the design ''got bounced when it was discovered the author broke contest rules.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The Fidelity Magellan Fund likes energy, and continues to shy away from technology.
Fidelity Investments reported yesterday that the Magellan Fund, the nation's  largest mutual fund, with $56 billion in assets, increased the percentage of energy stocks in the fund to 10.7 percent in March. That was up from 6.3 percent a month earlier and from nothing six months before.
By contrast, the fund's stake in technology stocks was down to 3.6 percent of assets at the end of March, compared with 5 percent a month earlier and 40.2  percent last September. Jeffrey N. Vinik, the fund's manager, had been a leading proponent of technology stocks, but he began to sell them late last year.
The Magellan Fund has trailed most major stock funds this year in large part  because it made a big bet on bonds, which have fallen in price as interest rates have risen. The new report shows that bet was not reduced in March, with the percentage of bonds in the portfolio at 19.2 percent, just down from 19.4 percent a month earlier. But cash was cut to 10.1 percent from 15.6 percent.
The Fidelity report also showed some substantial changes in March in some funds that got new portfolio managers that month. Harry Lange, the new manager of the $1.7 billion Capital Appreciation Fund, initiated a 9.5 percent stake in  technology stocks in March. The fund's holding of energy stocks fell to 12.9 percent from 20 percent.
Richard Fentin, who took over the $6.7 billion Value Fund, raised its energy  stake to 11.4 percent from 6.2 percent and increased its position in basic industries to 12.5 percent from 9.4 percent. Its stake in retail and wholesale companies was raised to 9.3 percent from from nothing, while its position in financial companies was slashed to 7.7 percent from 20.7 percent.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Howard E. Buhse, an investment broker and Wall Street leader for many years, died on Thursday in the Washington Hospital Center in Washington. Mr. Buhse, who lived in Danbury, Conn., was 88.
The cause was a stroke, said his daughter Deborah Plonski.
During a Wall Street career that spanned 15 years, Mr. Buhse was president of the Bond Club of New York, a governor of the New York Stock Exchange, and the chairman of the board of the National Association of Securities Dealers.
In 1929 Mr. Buhse went to work as a securities salesman in Chicago with Hornblower & Weeks, becoming a partner in 1942. In 1957 he moved to New York to head Hornblower & Weeks, which eventually became Hornblower & Weeks-Hemphill Noyes. He became managing partner and chairman of the executive committee.
Retiring from the firm in 1971, at his death Mr. Buhse was an investment adviser and a shareholder of Noyes Partner in New York.
Mr. Buhse was a graduate of the University of Minnesota and its law school.
He is survived by a son, Howard Jr. of Chicago; two daughters, Mrs. Plonski of Danbury and Joan Bose of Saratoga, Calif., and 11 grandchildren.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A film review in Weekend on Friday about ''Irreversible,'' linking the new film to a tradition of French cinematic exhibitionism, misidentified the Luis Bunuel film that opens with the slicing of an eyeball by a straight razor. It is ''Un Chien Andalou'' (1928), not ''L'Age d'Or'' (1930).<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>THE leather dress sheathed the body like the proverbial glove. At strategic places, it was inset with lace panels that offered a glimpse of flesh.
Skin on skin in Gianni Versace's couture show was fashion's latest take on leather -- and on its soft-hard image that is a powerful fashion force.
From ''Avengers''-style nappa leather bodysuits through bitter-chocolate-colored suede boots, leather was prominent on the fall runways. It came brash and a tad tacky as Richard Tyler's pimento-red trench coat. Or it was tasteful and luxurious, as it was with Michael Kors's glossy leather pants worn with a cashmere tunic.
From Ralph Lauren came blond suede safari shirts and shearling coats that were simply sumptuous. The undulating surface of Gucci's pony skins offered another version of rawhide.
Why is skin suddenly in? The forward march of uniforms in the current fall collection gave a boost to leather, though the leather trench coat in black has so many disquieting connotations that most designers preferred brown.
The oiled leather, close-fitting brown coat with metal buckles from Miu Miu had a fashionable whiff of the military, and looks as if it came out of an army surplus store.
The flea market look is part of a return to the 1970's that has brought leather, and especially suede, back into vogue, along with hippie styles like fringed suede vests and safari jackets. Then there are the knee-  or thigh-high boots, given a new kick  with stretch fabrics that have been introduced into leather.
The Gucci-Prada factor -- two currently cool companies built on leather goods -- also stimulated the leather craze. Accessories like Gucci's patent leather bags and pony-skin boots star when clothes are so simple.
But there is more to leather than that. Alison Lurie, in her 1981 book ''The Language of Clothes'' (Random House), wrote that wearing animal skins has, from the dawn of time, given out a message. ''Primitive hunters dressed in the hides of beasts they had killed in order to take on the special nature of the bear, the wolf or the tiger,'' she wrote.
Animal skins suggested sensuality back in the 1920's, when the vampy English romance novelist Elinor Glyn was lying on a tiger skin. As for more contemporary images, think Marlon Brando, Marianne Faithfull and the iconography of the bad-boy/bad-girl leather jacket.
The black leather ''Perfecto'' jacket has become part of pop culture and rock history because it was worn as a badge of rebellion by Jim Morrison, Lou Reed, Bruce Springsteen, Gene Vincent and their rock followers. That thread can be followed through to the 90's with the R & B rapper Bobby Brown.
Mick Farren, the British-born pop culture commentator, in his 1985 book ''The Black Leather Jacket'' (Abbeville Press) described how he felt when he first defied his parents and spent his last cent on the object of his teen-age desire. He wrote: ''As I stared into the mirror, I couldn't believe myself. My legs seemed longer, my shoulders seemed broader. I flipped the collar up. I looked so damned cool. . . . I was a cross between Elvis and Lord Byron.''
Leather kept its macho qualities of power and sex appeal when women co-opted skin during the advance of feminism. Diana Rigg as Emma Peel in the 1960's television series ''The Avengers'' and Marianne Faithfull, thighs gripping the saddle in the 1968 film ''Girl on a Motorcycle,'' both wore skin-tight black-leather bodysuits that led to dominatrix images on high-fashion runways.
To a degree, fashion eases the sting. The ''kinky'' boots of the 1960's are now just a footwear option. The menace of black-leather-clad Hell's Angels is counteracted by the appearance of similar garments worn by aging baby boomers on weekends.
Although it is hard to imagine today from his impeccable bourgeois collections, Yves Saint Laurent was the first designer to take up the motorcycle jacket. In 1960, when Jack Kerouac's beat bible ''On the Road'' was three years old and Brando's ''Wild One'' was six, Saint Laurent, working for Dior, showed in haute couture a mink-collared motorcycle jacket in crocodile skin. A year later, Saint Laurent was out the door.
The jacket was given its Swinging Sixties spin by the British designer Ossie Clark, who died last month. He shaped it close to the chest, so that the zipper looked like a scar, and made it in snakeskin -- a reptilian look that is hot again for fall.
While Sid Vicious and the punks were burnishing the image of leather as the ultimate in aggression dressing, Claude Montana was giving it an up-market gloss. His broad-shouldered, puff-up-the-pectorals jackets and leather pants were the advance guard of the androgynous 80's.
By the time Gianni Versace put black leather bondage-wear on the runway in the early 1990's, skin seemed to have reached its fashion apotheosis. Then came grunge, which swept nylon and plastic into fashion and sent leather into eclipse
But skin is back. In its latest 90's incarnation, leather has made unexpected marriages: lace and chiffon for evening at Versace and Chanel; sinuous jersey at Gucci;suede with silk or knit from Anna Sui. And in an era when shapes are simple and choice of fabric is crucial to collections, skinny leather pants or suede boot-leg hipsters represent luxury.
So to its symbolic qualities of sex and power, skin has now added money. And sex, money and power make a potent fashion combination.
RUNWAYS  Suzy Menkes is the fashion editor of The International Herald Tribune.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
While sipping a great cup of my morning coffee, I read Michelle Slatalla's plaintive column about coffee. I was overjoyed when I learned that you did give Peets coffee a try. I have been drinking Peets coffee probably longer than you are old. My favorite blend is Major Dickason. So fellow coffee lovers, if you haven't tried the Major, give it a try.
HOWARD ZEIDMAN  Pleasant Hill, Calif.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>COLE--Mark Allen. Died Sunday, June 18, 2006. Mark was a licensed Real Estate Broker in Connecticut and New York, for 25 years with Vincent and Whittemore of Bedford Village, NY. Born November 3, 1944, Mark is survived by devoted life partner of 28 years, Steven Carty; beloved sister Francine and her husband, Joseph Tumulo of Long Island, nephew Todd Schoen and his wife, Ginger, of Wrightsville Beach, North Carolina. A memorial service will be held Monday, June 26, 2006 at 11:30 AM at Conant Hall, Pound Ridge, NY. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the American Heart Association.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3*General Nutrition Cos.  (GNCI,NNM)
Qtr to Apr 29
1995
1994
Revenue
192,002,000
147,728,000
Net inc
15,101,000
b10,004,000
Share earns
.38
.25
Shares outst
40,171,000
40,096,000
b-After an extraordinary charge of $ 511,000, or 1 cent a share, from loss on early retirement of debt.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg's charter revision commission, which has not yet been impaneled, is already poised to break a record: it is set to spend less time studying a major change in city government than any other such commission in memory.
The mayor plans to name the members of the commission as early as today to study his proposals to move to nonpartisan elections in New York City and to change the lines of mayoral succession. Since Mr. Bloomberg has said that he wants to put the proposals before the voters in November, city law gives the commission only until Sept. 6 to hold hearings and come up with its proposals. That gives the commission eight weeks.
In an interesting twist, officials said, one of the people who has agreed to serve on the panel to study ways to abolish party primaries in the city is the man Mr. Bloomberg beat in the Republican mayoral primary last year: Herman Badillo.
Mr. Bloomberg's predecessor, Rudolph W. Giuliani, was often criticized for hastily forming charter revision commissions and giving them only a summer to come up with proposals. But Mr. Giuliani never formed a commission later than June 15.
Now members of several civic organizations and advocacy groups are questioning whether it would be proper for Mayor Bloomberg's commission to come up with proposals in an eight-week period over the summer, when many city residents and interested parties are away on vacations. Several said in interviews that they were open to the mayor's proposals, but thought that the ideas merited much longer study.
Frederick A. O. Schwarz Jr., the chairman of the city's 1989 charter revision commission, said in an interview that he thought that eight weeks was too little time. ''Based on my experience, it wouldn't either be possible or proper to do the job on the issues that the mayor has asked this putative commission to consider in so little time,'' he said.
The mayor's communications director, William Cunningham, said that the issue of nonpartisan elections had been studied by past charter revision committees. ''These are not new issues, and that to me is not a germane argument,'' he said.
The issue is not without controversy. Although most big cities have moved to nonpartisan elections, the proposal by Mr. Bloomberg, a Republican, is seen by some as an attempt to help Republicans in a city where registered Democrats outnumber them by more than 5 to 1. Several top city Democrats oppose the plan, including City Council Speaker Gifford Miller and Comptroller William C. Thompson Jr. Betsy Gotbaum, the public advocate, opposes Mr. Bloomberg's goal of removing her office from the line of succession and says she believes the public should get more time to study the issue. The mayor wants a deputy mayor to be next in line.
Several veterans of previous battles over revising the City Charter, which is more or less its constitution, said that they had trouble believing the mayor still intended to put the questions on the ballot in November.
''If they are going on the ballot this year, it is a joke,'' said Gene Russianoff, a staff lawyer at the New York Public Interest Research Group. ''It would be worthy of a banana republic, not New York City.''
Robert McGuire, a former police commissioner who said that he had agreed to serve on the commission, said that the group would be mindful of concerns over timing. ''That's the issue that we have to resolve,'' he said, ''to see if we have enough time and the ability to reach out to all the constituencies in the city, to get their full involvement and full input.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD:  To the Editor:
To the Editor:
Your front-page artice on THA (tetrahydroaminocrydine), the experimental drug for treating memory loss in Alzheimer's disease, I feel, inaccurately pictured a scientific community rife with argument and myself as an avaricious maverick.
There is no disagreement about the need to demonstrate independently the effectiveness of THA. When the results of our study were still in manuscript, our own team sought out individuals at Indiana University to verify THA's effectiveness independently.
The ''barrage of letters'' to the New England Journal of Medicine challenging our finding that you speak of consisted of five letters, which the editors asked us to respond to in 400 words or less and two more forwarded for personal response. To say THA is ''a drug that others had found only minimally effective'' is misleading. The single prior study of oral THA in Alzheimer's disease used 30 milligrams a day versus our 150 milligrams a day, and its duration was one day, while the average duration of treatment in our study was approximately one year.
The cost of patient-funded research was derived by dividing the total project cost by the number of subjects. That figure of $12,000 for the first year and $3,600 a year thereafter was a worst-case scenario.
None of the income generated by patient-funded research was ever used to pay me or any of the other authors a salary. Since the Food and Drug Administration ruled that patient-funded research was commercialization of THA, one of us has given more than $12,000 to keep the project alive. The monthly cost of continuing our limited project exceeds $5,000. Yet the income generated by general clinical services is often less than $1,000 per month.
Finally, you portray me as not participating in the new trial of THA by the National Institute of Aging, the Alzheimer's Disease and Related Disorders Association and the Warner-Lambert Company to preserve my own commercial interests. But it is not proper for the original investigators to validate their own work. The Warner-Lambert contract would not have permitted continuation of our project, or of our additional projects. As you point out, our participation would have awarded Warner-Lambert free license to a drug market estimated at $500 million to $1 billion a year.
It is laudable that the F.D.A. has moved rapidly to support this effort and possibly bring relief to the 2.5 million victims of Alzheimer's disease and their relatives. The F.D.A.'s Division of Neuropharmacological Drugs typically takes six to eight years to release a drug to the public. As the average duration of Alzheimer's from onset to death is eight years, any delay would be tragic.  WILLIAM K. SUMMERS, M.D.  Arcadia, Calif., Aug. 21, 1987<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Intensified attacks by guerrilla forces in and near Kabul are intended to bring about the collapse of the Soviet-backed Government by sapping the morale of the Afghan Army and undermining confidence in the regime, Western and Asian diplomats and knowledgeable Afghans said today.
Intensified attacks by guerrilla forces in and near Kabul are intended to bring about the collapse of the Soviet-backed Government by sapping the morale of the Afghan Army and undermining confidence in the regime, Western and Asian diplomats and knowledgeable Afghans said today.
A rocket attack Saturday on Kabul's international airport, in which four people were reported killed, and rocket and mortar exchanges within 10 miles of the capital are viewed as part of a developing guerrilla strategy to coincide with the departure of Soviet troops from Afghanistan.
''The mujahedeen cannot win militarily; they simply do not have the firepower in comparison to Government forces,'' one knowledgeable European diplomat said today, referring to the Islamic guerrillas. ''Their strategy is to insure that the regime loses its self-confidence and will to survive and eventually folds up its tents.''
Another Western diplomat said: ''By coming so close to Kabul, which is the prize, the mujahedeen are unhinging the armed forces and setting the stage for disintegration of the Government. That's the first step: exposing the vulnerability of the very people who are supposed to defend the Afghans once the Russians leave.'' Two Provincial Capitals Lost
A European diplomat said: ''The mujahedeen are sending a message that says, 'You cannot catch us; you cannot protect your own people.' It is a message directly aimed at the military.''
Adding to the sense of unease in Kabul is the recent loss of two provincial capitals, Taloqan in northern Takhar Province and Bamyan in Bamyan Province in central Afghanistan. Since the Government has vowed that no capital of any of the nation's 29 provinces would fall, the losses are seen as embarrassing.
An Asian diplomat said, ''The mujahedeen objective is to capture Kabul largely through military defections that would have the effect of demoralizing the Government and the people and lead to a takeover.''
With the withdrawal of more than 100,000 Soviet troops half completed and the rest scheduled to leave by Feb. 15 under the Geneva accords signed last April, the defense of the Kabul Government increasingly rests with the Afghan armed forces, numbering about 140,000.
There are believed to be about 1,500 defections a month from the Afghan armed forces and militia. Quality of Military Varies
The quality of the Afghan military varies considerably, with high marks given to the state security forces. Moreover, some military experts say the Afghan forces have improved considerably since 1984. But once the Soviet troops depart, the question remains pointed about the ability of the Afghan Army to resist the guerrillas.
A Government official, Deputy Minister of Repatriation Abdul Khalil Jalal, said today that guerrilla rocket attacks - which reportedly have killed at least 100 civilians in Kabul in recent months - actually marked a sharp setback for the guerrillas.
''People now recognize the real face of the opposition,'' Mr. Jalal said. ''They kill innocent people with rockets, poor people, children. People know the true face of the enemy now.''
''This does not fit with the ideas of Islam, killing innocent people,'' he added. ''The Afghan people know their enemy.'' Soviet Union Is Mistrusted
Several diplomats as well as Afghans said there was a widespread view among the populace that the Russians were lobbing rockets on Kabul in an attempt to place blame on the guerrillas. Western diplomats scoff at the notion, but it underscores the mistrust of the Soviet Union felt by many Afghans.
By all accounts, the Government of President Najibullah, the head of the Soviet-supported People's Democratic Party, remains reasonably entrenched until the Soviet withdrawal.
Despite some evidence that Soviet relations with the 41-year-old Afghan leader are strained, the Russians are said to be likely to support him long enough to allow a transition to a more popular, perhaps nonaligned, regime still close to Moscow.
The politician most prominently mentioned as Mr. Najibullah's potential successor is Sayed Mohammad Gulabzoi, the Minister of Interior. Guerrilla Splits Cited
Moscow as well as Kabul officials are counting on divisions among the fractious seven-party guerrilla front to restrain them from controlling the Afghan Government once the Soviet troops depart. Although some Afghans believe President Najibullah will survive politically, most say he will ultimately lose his post.
In the last year, Mr. Najibullah has sought a policy of ''national reconciliation'' to lure the opposition into his Government, but this has been rejected by the guerrillas.
The President, for example, has reportedly offered the post of Defense Minister to a powerful guerrilla leader in the northern provinces, Ahmad Shah Massoud. But Mr. Massoud has rejected the proposal.
Afghan officials and diplomats say privately that the Afghans may ultimately have the type of regime that they have traditonally accepted: a weak central government with powerful regional and tribal leaders.
''The best thing a viable Afghanistan could look forward to, with a weak central government, would be an Asian Yugoslavia,'' a Western diplomat said.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The 31-year-old daughter of Amiri Baraka, the poet, playwright and civil rights activist, and a friend were found murdered late Tuesday night in the home of another of Mr. Baraka's children in Piscataway, N.J., the authorities said yesterday.
The victims, Shani Baraka, and Rayshon Holmes, 30, were shot several times and were found in the family room of the house owned by Ms. Baraka's older sister, Wanda Pasha, the Middlesex County prosecutor, Bruce Kaplan, said.
He said detectives are searching for Ms. Pasha's estranged husband, James Coleman, for questioning in the double murder.
Although Mr. Kaplan said that Mr. Coleman is not considered a suspect at this stage of his office's investigation, he said Mr. Coleman was charged in early July with pointing a handgun at Ms. Pasha in her home and threatening to kill her. The Piscataway police issued a complaint against Mr. Coleman then but have not arrested him, because they have been unable to find him, Mr. Kaplan said. He described Mr. Coleman, who also uses the name Ibn el-Amin Pasha, as a transient.
Mr. Kaplan said detectives have not yet established a motive for the murders or when they occurred.
Ms. Baraka's brother, Ras, a Newark deputy mayor, said his sister and Ms. Holmes had gone to the house on Monday to retrieve clothing his sister kept there. Mr. Baraka said his sister maintained her own apartment in Newark but often stayed with Ms. Pasha. But, he said, she had decided to stop doing so recently at her parents' urging because of concerns about Mr. Coleman.
Mr. Baraka was answering questions on behalf of his father, Amiri Baraka. The Associated Press quoted Amiri Baraka yesterday as saying that Ms. Pasha had made at least 12 domestic violence complaints against Mr. Coleman in recent months.
Mr. Kaplan, the prosecutor, said a domestic-violence restraining order was issued against Mr. Coleman last April 27, requiring him to stay away from Ms. Pasha and her home. But the order was never served because the authorities were unable to locate Mr. Coleman, he said.
Amiri Baraka has been involved in controversy in recent months. He created a furor last September when he suggested in a poem that some Israelis had advance knowledge of the 9/11 terrorist attack against the World Trade Center. Afterward, Gov. James E. McGreevey criticized Mr. Baraka and urged him to resign his position as New Jersey's poet laureate. He refused. Ms. Baraka taught science and language arts at the Vailsburg Middle School in Newark and was an assistant coach of the girls' basketball team at Malcolm X. Shabazz High School in Newark.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Helen Gurley Brown, the 76-year-old former editor in chief of Cosmopolitan magazine, has come clean in her new memoir, ''I'm Wild Again: Snippets from My Life and a Few Brazen Thoughts'' (St. Martin's Press). In a chapter titled ''The Year of Being Kept (But Not Very Well),'' she reveals for the first time that she had a financial arrangement when she was 24 with an older, married man who, in exchange for rent and a nominal secretarial job, had a sexual relationship with her.
According to her book, the unnamed paramour -- a movie studio executive -- limped, was totally bald and old (he was 43).
Ms. Brown said she decided to write about the arrangement because her readers think of her as a confidante and this was a piece of her life she had not yet disclosed.
''I don't have any shame about it, really,'' Ms. Brown said in an interview. ''It was the right thing at the time. I was trying to get enough money together to send to my mother and my sister, who had polio. This was just something I never wrote about before. I was just doing the best I could do for 24.''
Ms. Brown wrote that she was never ''guilt crazy'' about the arrangement, rather she was ''using this golden opportunity to stash enough money to take care of Mother and Mary and me the rest of our lives.'' She described the situation as ''freedom from hunger and want, bye-bye pinchies and scrimpies, farewell fiscal fright.''
Ms. Brown said that although she would not even characterize the relationship as an affair ( ''an affair is sexier,'' she wrote) the man was not utterly revolting.
''Look, he wasn't that awful,'' Ms. Brown said. ''He wasn't a gargoyle. And believe me, I have never, ever in my grown-up life believed that you only go to bed with men that you are in love with.''
ALEX KUCZYNSKI
MEDIA TALK<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Rolls-Royce P.L.C. announced that Trans World Airlines Inc. had chosen its most powerful long-haul engine to power recently ordered Airbus A330 airliners in a deal worth more than $620 million. T.W.A. has agreed to buy 20 of the A330 aircraft and has an option to buy 20 more, making it the largest
Rolls-Royce P.L.C. announced that Trans World Airlines Inc. had chosen its most powerful long-haul engine to power recently ordered Airbus A330 airliners in a deal worth more than $620 million. T.W.A. has agreed to buy 20 of the A330 aircraft and has an option to buy 20 more, making it the largest A330 order to date, worth up to $4 billion.
T.W.A. is scheduled to take delivery of the planes in late 1994. The contract between T.W.A. and Airbus Industrie, the European consortium, was signed today. The aircraft-engine combination is likely to be used on longer A330 flights over the Atlantic, Rolls-Royce said.
COMPANY NEWS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: With four miles to go, she knew the race was hers. With 100 yards to go, she looked more like a sprinter. Crossing the finish line in the fastest time by an American woman in almost three years, Margaret Groos looked fresh enough to head straight for the victory party.
With four miles to go, she knew the race was hers. With 100 yards to go, she looked more like a sprinter. Crossing the finish line in the fastest time by an American woman in almost three years, Margaret Groos looked fresh enough to head straight for the victory party.
Groos, of Tallahassee, Fla., won the women's Olympic marathon trial today to lead a three-member team that will compete in the Seoul Games later this year. And judging from the times the leaders posted, the team might even challenge for a medal or two.
The winner's time was 2 hours 29 minutes 50 seconds, making Groos only the fourth American woman ever to run under 2:30, after Joan Benoit Samuelson, Julie Brown and Patti Catalano, none of whom ran this race. Groos's time was the ninth-best ever by an American woman.
Nancy Ditz finished second in 2:30:14 with the 10th-best American time, and Cathy O'Brien was third in 2:30:18, the 12th best. Lisa Weidenbach, who finished fourth in the 1984 trial behind Samuelson, Brown and Julie Isphording, finished fourth again, in 2:31:06. To the Winners Goes the Cash
Each of the first three set personal records and won $25,000 in a novel purse-distribution formula. In the men's trial last Sunday, the first three - Mark Conover, Ed Eyestone and Pete Pfitzinger - won $50,000, $25,000 and $20,000.
The women's race preceded the fourth Pittburgh Marathon, which was won by Malcolm East of Butler, Pa., in 2:19:49 (Mary Lynn Pastizzo of Avon, Conn., was the first woman to finish, in 2:51:08). The marathon trial was significant in that it was the first time three Americans had run under 2:31 in the same race, and the first time so many competitors - 129 - ran under three hours.
Groos, a 28-year-old native of Nashville, was a surprise winner. She had run only two previous marathons, and none since the Olympic trial in 1984, when she finished fifth. Since then, her racing activity has been severely affected by a thyroid condition that at one time caused her to gain 30 pounds, raising her weight to 145.
She began training in earnest for this race in January after qualifying by running a fast 10,000 meters. Sticking to Her Plan
''This means everything to me,'' she said. ''I felt good all the way. My strategy was to stay with the pack through 16 or 18 miles no matter who went out crazy, then start running hard from there. I hit every one of my mile splits within 10 seconds to run 2:30.''
That was essentially just how the race developed. Within the first several hundred yards, Sylvia Mosqueda moved to the lead and stayed there through more than 17 miles. At times, she was so far in front of the other 206 racers, they were not visible to her as she rounded corners. Three of her first four miles were run in under 5:20.
But shortly after the halfway point, a pack of 10, including the ultimate winners, began closing. Just after the 17-mile marker, Mosqueda was overtaken by Groos and Ditz and, seconds later, by Weidenbach and O'Brien.
At 18 miles, Mosqueda dropped out of the race.
Groos and Ditz ran together ahead of Weidenbach for another mile before they pulled away and O'Brien passed Weidenbach. From there, the order of the first four remained through the end.
None of them had been particularly worried about Mosqueda, a fine racer at shorter distances.
''I'm the only one who had raced against her in a marathom before,'' said Ditz, 33, of Woodside, Calif. ''I was absolutely confident we would catch her. In the back of my mind, I remembered Joanie in 1984, but Sylvia went out so fast. At one point, we went around a corner and I thought, 'Oh, there she is.' Then we reeled her in pretty quickly.''
In the 1984 trial, Samuelson went out quickly but did not fade, winning in 2:31:04.
Of the top three, only Ditz is a veteran marathoner. This was her 16th, and her best by 1 minute 22 seconds.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A day after a suicide bombing at an outdoor market in Tel Aviv killed 3 Israelis and wounding 32 others, Israeli soldiers kept a tight cordon around Nablus, the West Bank's largest city, and destroyed the family homes of the teenage bomber and of two Palestinian militants suspected of having dispatched him. Residents were not allowed out of the city unless they were in need of urgent medical care. Late on Monday, Israeli forces killed three militants in the city. The Palestinian bomber, 16-year-old Amr al-Far, above, was the latest of several teenage bombers to come out of Nablus in the past year. Some 10,000 Palestinians took part in the funerals, calling for revenge against Israel.
Greg Myre (NYT)<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: People who suffer recurring panic attacks are 18 times as likely as people with no mental disorders to try to kill themselves, researchers have found.
People who suffer recurring panic attacks are 18 times as likely as people with no mental disorders to try to kill themselves, researchers have found.
The researchers said their work should encourage emergency room doctors and other physicians to be alert to the symptoms of panic attacks and refer patients to psychiatrists.
People with panic disorder suffer bouts of intense fear that strike for no apparent reasons. They may suffer a variety of symptoms, including difficulty breathing, palpitations, chest pain, choking, dizziness, faintness, trembling and hot and cold flashes, among other sensations.
The finding ''points to a potentially serious complication of a common disorder that has been relatively neglected,'' said Dr. Kerrin White of McLean Hospital in suburban Boston.
An estimated 1.5 percent of Americans, or more than 3 million, suffer from panic disorder at some time in life. Two to three times this many have occasional panic attacks.
The study, being published Thursday in The New England Journal of Medicine, found that 20 percent of people with panic disorder had attempted suicide, as had 12 percent of those with occasional panic attacks. One percent of those with no mental disorder attempted suicide. When these figures were adjusted for age, sex and other factors, the report said, a person who suffers from panic attack was found to be 18 times as likely to attempt suicide as one who does not.
''We hope this alerts the non-psychiatric physician to the potential mortality and morbidity of panic disorder,'' said Dr. Myrna M. Weissman, a psychiatric epidemiologist at Columbia University who directed the study.
HEALTH<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>TENNIS  Edberg and Martin Extended in Rome  Stefan Edberg and Todd Martin were pushed to three sets by unseeded players before advancing yesterday in the first round of the Italian Open in Rome. The 12th-seeded Edberg, appearing in Rome for the first time since 1984, opened play with a 6-2, 4-6, 6-3 victory over Arnaud Boetsch. Martin, seeded 10th, downed Alberto Costa, 7-6 (7-3), 5-7, 6-3. Michael Chang, seeded No. 2, had an easier time against a hard-hitting, 18-year-old Australian, Mark Philippoussis, winning by 6-4, 6-3. MaliVai Washington upset fifth-seeded Alberto Berasategui of Spain, a top clay-court player, 7-5, 6-3. Another seeded player fell to an American when Jeff Tarango knocked off No. 11 Marc Rosset of Switzerland 7-6 (7-4), 6-3. Other Americans to advance included Vince Spadea, who beat Carlos Costa, a former Italian Open finalist, 6-4, 6-3, and Richey Reneberg, who ousted the Italian Stefano Pescosolido, 7-6 (7-2), 7-6 (7-5). The 29-year-old Edberg, a serve-and-volley player from Sweden, is battling to return to the top ranks of the tennis world after sliding out of the top 10 for the first time in a decade. After a solid first set, he lost his serving touch and began making errors on his forehand. "I started serving better in the third set," Edberg said. (AP) TWO SEEDED AMERICANS FALL: The seeded Americans Lori McNeil and Marianne Werdel-Witmeyer were upset in the opening round of the German Open in Berlin. Russia's Tatyana Panova ousted No. 11 McNeil, 6-4, 2-6, 6-3, and Ann Grossman beat a compatriot, Werdel-Witmeyer, 2-6, 6-3, 7-5. Naoko Sawamatsu of Japan, seeded ninth in the clay-court tuneup for the French Open, advanced with a 6-2, 6-4 victory over the American Kimberly Po.  Steffi Graf, who has won the last four German Opens, dropped out because of a flu. (AP) CYCLING  The Sprint King Does It Again  Mario Cipollini outsprinted the pack yesterday to win the third stage of the Tour of Italy race, his second victory in three days and 11th this year. The powerful Italian cyclist, known as the king of sprints, took the lead 250 yards from the finish line and won easily in Marotta, his arms raised in triumph. The Belgian Johan Capiot edged Italy's Giuseppe Citterio and the Slovak Jan Svorada for second place. Tony Rominger of Switzerland finished in the pack, in the same time as the winner, and retained the pink jersey of overall leader. (AP)<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Vice President Bush said today that he had ''no precise recollection'' of when he learned of the sales of United States arms to Iran but that he did not oppose the policy when he was told about it.
Vice President Bush said today that he had ''no precise recollection'' of when he learned of the sales of United States arms to Iran but that he did not oppose the policy when he was told about it.
However, Mr. Bush, responding to a series of written questions submitted by The New York Times, said he had reservations about the secret Reagan Administration initiative almost from the start.
The issue of what Mr. Bush knew about the affair and how he was involved has continuted to dog his campaign for the Republican Presidential nomination.
The questions were submitted three weeks ago to Craig L. Fuller, the Vice President's chief of staff. Written responses were provided today.
Mr. Bush said the information he received from August 1985 to the time when the affair was publicly disclosed in October 1986, came ''primarily'' at morning briefings on national security held for President Reagan. Mr. Bush said he was never given a private briefing on the Iran policy.
The Vice President said he never tried independently to evaluate information he received on the Iran initiative in a July 1986 meeting with Amiram Nir, a top Israeli anti-terrorism expert. Mr. Bush said the meeting had been requested by Prime Minister Shimon Peres of Israel. Emphasis on Foreign Policy
Such statements could pose problems for Mr. Bush as he seeks to emphasize his foreign policy experience while he campaigns for President. He has been reminding voters that he is a former Director of Central Intelligence and that he headed the President's anti-terrorism study group that concluded no concessions should be made to terrorists.
In his answers, Mr. Bush reiterated that he had reservations about the arms sales initiative when he learned that a third country would be involved. That country has been identified as Israel. He said for the first time, though, that this occurred almost from the start of the program.
Mr. Bush also repeated that he would not clarify his role further by disclosing advice he gave to Mr. Reagan on the subject, even if Mr. Reagan consented. The President has said that he agrees with Mr. Bush that their conversation should be kept confidential. Mr. Bush also said he would not disclose the testimony given to Lawrence E. Walsh, the special prosecutor investigating the Iran-contra affair.
Mr. Bush did say he would still pursue openings with perceived moderate elements in Iran if the openings materialized. Although other top United States officials have testified before Congress that there are no Iranian moderates, Mr. Bush wrote it would be ''foolish'' for the United States to turn its back on such a strategic region. Factor of the Hostages
Mr. Bush has repeatedly faced questions about his failure to recognize that the arms sales initiative was an arrangement to trade arms for hostages, according to Congressional investigative committees and a Presidential review panel headed by the former Republican Senator John G. Tower of Texas.
Asked what the mistakes in the Iran intiative said about his judgment, Mr. Bush said:
''My conduct in both private and public life speaks to my judgment. Those who were asked to study all the facts did not fault my judgment in this matter.''
The Vice President added, ''Ultimately I will be judged by the public on my whole record, the judgments I've made and on my ideas.
''I expect people will raise this subject for political gain, but the American people are fair. They will judge my record in its entirely. As I have stated before, give me all the blame for this matter; but then in fairness, give me at least half the credit for all the good things the Reagan Administration has done.'' New Information Provided
Mr. Bush has insisted repeatedly that he has answered all the questions about his role in the Iran-contra initiative except for the advice he has provided the President. But in responding to the written questions, he provided new information on his role.
For example, the Vice President said that the information coming to him about the initiative was ''so fragmentary that he cannot state at what point'' he realized that a Presidential ''finding'' was needed to authorize the shipments of arms.
''I should point out that once a Presidential decision is made, the signing of a finding is between the President and his assistant for national security affairs,'' Mr. Bush said.
Responding to another question, Mr. Bush said he did not voice opposition when he first learned of the shipment of arms to Iran, which was done by Israel initially in August 1985. The United States replenished the weapons, 100 TOW missiles.
Mr. Bush wrote, ''The initiative first came to my attention in 1985, but I have no precise recollection of when I had my first conversation on the subject.
''I have never indicated that I opposed the effort to open a channel to factions in Iran. In fact, I have said a number of times I supported the initiative.''
But answering another question later, the Vice President said he first developed reservations about the initiative ''when I first heard that we were undertaking an initiative with factions in Iran through a third country.'' Disclosure Was a Concern
In addition, Mr. Bush suggested that from the start, he was also concerned about possible damage if the covert operation was compromised.
''I think everyone was concerned about the lives of the hostages and worried that undue disclosure could cost lives,'' he said.
Describing how he was informed of developments related to the initiative, Mr. Bush said he had not received private briefings from any of the principles involved in the policy. Among those who he said did not discuss the policy with him were Robert C. McFarlane and Vice Adm. John M. Poindexter, both former national security advisers; Lieut. Col. Oliver L. North and William J. Casey, the former Director of Central Intelligence.
Mr. Bush said also that he had not discussed the arms sales privately with Secretary of State George P. Shultz and former Defense Secretary Caspar W. Weinberger, its two most vocal high-ranking critics.
''Information about the initiative came to me primarily in the morning national security briefing with the President when circumstances regarding the U.S. hostages were mentioned,'' the Vice President said.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>In an audacious move to undermine a groundbreaking plan to restart bus service on Thursday between India and Pakistan across divided Kashmir, at least one unidentified gunman sneaked into a highly fortified compound here in which the bus passengers were being housed and set it ablaze on Wednesday.
The roughly 30 passengers inside, none of them injured, were whisked away to a safe house, government officials said.
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of India immediately announced that he would start the bus service as scheduled on Thursday morning at a cricket stadium here. Sonia Gandhi, the leader of India's governing Congress Party, is also to attend the ceremony. Pakistan immediately condemned the attack.
[Sent off by Mr. Singh, a bus left here on Thursday carrying passengers bound for the Pakistani side of the territory, Reuters reported.]
A consortium of four previously unknown militant groups had threatened to turn the buses, which are to carry 30 passengers in each direction between Srinagar, in Indian-held Kashmir, and Muzaffarabad, on the Pakistan-held side, into ''coffins.'' They claimed responsibility for Wednesday's attack.
The bus service is intended to enable Kashmiris to visit their kin living on opposite sides of the Line of Control that divides the disputed territory. It has offered India and Pakistan, engaged in a half-century of strife over Kashmir, considerable political mileage.
But in an attack that cast a dark shadow on the eve of the bus journey, the sprawling two-story Tourism Reception Center building, which housed the state tourism headquarters and the government-owned Indian Airlines in the main building and a government-owned lodge in the back, was engulfed in flames.
Just before sundown on Wednesday a huge black plume darkened the sky. The fire raged on, apparently igniting fuel cylinders stored inside the tourism building and the state transportation department headquarters next door. The one thing that remained untouched was a banner: ''Heartiest Welcome to Our Honored Guests,'' it read.
Kashmir, which was split during the violent partition of the subcontinent at the end of British rule in 1947, has been at the heart of the Indian-Pakistani enmity. Two wars have been fought over the territory. The Indian side has been engulfed in a 15-year insurgency. India calls it a proxy fight by Pakistan, but Pakistan says its support for the rebels is moral and political, not military.
Infiltration across the border has sharply dropped in the last couple of years, India acknowledges, while peace talks between the two sides have slowly inched ahead.
''This is the greatest tragedy,'' said A.R. Shawl, 70, a retired professor who had been visiting his friend, a would-be bus rider, inside the Tourism Reception Center. ''The world would be seeing what happens in Kashmir.''
The police said the gunman entered the compound late Wednesday afternoon through the transportation building and began firing. It is unclear how the fire was ignited, except that it began sometime during a heavy exchange of gunfire with security forces.
The bigger mystery is how a gunman managed to penetrate the phalanx of security forces guarding virtually every building and every street corner in this city -- not least the safe house for the passengers.
The police said one man suspected of being a militant had been killed. It is unclear whether he was the only attacker. More than 20 people, including at least one policeman and several firefighters, were injured, according to police and fire officials.
The Pakistani foreign minister, Khurshid Mehmood Kasuri, said in Islamabad: ''We are condemning the incident. There is a keen desire among the Kashmiris to meet their relatives. They wish to meet the near and dear ones.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Kathy Pomerantz and Dave Feldman were married last evening by Rabbi Robert Applestone at the Roslyn Claremont Hotel in Roslyn, N.Y.
The bride, a makeup artist, and the bridegroom, a lighting designer, both work in television and theater in New York.
The bride, who will continue to use her name professionally, is currently doing makeup for ''Lifetime Live,'' a daily talk show on the Lifetime cable television network. She is a daughter of Frances Pomerantz of Roslyn and the late Abraham Pomerantz.
The bridegroom also designs lighting for dance performances and corporate meetings. He graduated from the State University College at Oneonta, N.Y., and is the son of Lore and Ernest Feldman of Tom's River, N.J.
The bridegroom's first marriage ended in divorce.
WEDDINGS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
''Too Many Phones, Too Little Service'' (Aug. 19) describes a cell phone user in New York City who consistently gets a fast busy signal when she tries to call her husband. The problem may well be too much traffic on the phone network, as the article suggests. But it may also be in the phone itself.
My wife and I purchased identical ''his and hers'' digital phones under a Cellular One family plan. We noticed that my wife's phone often gave fast busy signals in circumstances in which mine, held right next to hers, would readily make a connection. Although the store insisted that there was nothing wrong with the phone, we eventually persuaded them to exchange it for a new one, which solved the problem.
AL TEICH  Garrett Park, Md., Aug. 23, 1999<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>SITZER-Anna P. Beloved wife of the late Frank Sitzer. Loving mother of Thelma Feldhamer of Denver, CO, and Stanley (Carole) Sitzer of Miami Beach and Henedersonville, NC. Beloved motherin-law of Marcia for many years. Cherished grandmother of David (Beth), Steven (Pauline) and Marc (Valerie) Stitzer, Abbe (Mitchell) Lewites, Randy Morris and Mark (Marnie) Feldhamer. Adored great-grandmother of Amanda, Carly and Michael Sitzer, Jordan and Adam Lewites, Shane Morris and Morgan and Meryl Feldhamer. Services were held in Miami Beach on May 8.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A news analysis article yesterday about the legacy of Richard M. Nixon misstated the date of his Checkers speech in some editions. It was in 1952, not 1960.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: As democracy was being mugged in Panama, it was showing surprising resilience this week in Bolivia, a country once synonymous with instability. An orderly presidential vote produced no majority winner, so the final selection will again be made by the congress when it convenes in August. Strikingly, the front-runners are Gonzalo Sanchez de Lozada, the architect of a tough economic stabilization plan, and former President Hugo Banzer, who endorses it.
As democracy was being mugged in Panama, it was showing surprising resilience this week in Bolivia, a country once synonymous with instability. An orderly presidential vote produced no majority winner, so the final selection will again be made by the congress when it convenes in August. Strikingly, the front-runners are Gonzalo Sanchez de Lozada, the architect of a tough economic stabilization plan, and former President Hugo Banzer, who endorses it. Running third is the left-of-center Jaime Paz Zamora, who accepts the need for spending restraint, though he cavils at specific programs.
A fairly fought campaign and the prospect of a second constitutional transition represent real achievements in a country where governments rarely lasted more than a year. A deeper source of stability has been the land reform program of the 1950's. Giving peasants title has helped immunize Bolivia from insurgencies bleeding its neighbors.
Most Bolivians now appear to approve an austerity program that has slashed subsidies, simplified taxes, cut budget deficits and tamed an inflation rate that soared to 24,000 percent in 1985. But there's a catch. Bolivia's stability is hostage to Argentina's financial chaos and the good sense of foreign creditors. There's a way Washington can help.
The austerity program is Bolivia's half of an innovative bargain to reduce a crushing foreign debt. The Europeans did their share by providing funds for Bolivia to buy back at 11 cents on the dollar some $600 million in principal owed to commercial banks. This gave Bolivia breathing space as President Victor Paz Estenssoro braked a cycle of boom and stagnation, productive mainly of military dictators. And now stability is threatened from an unexpected quarter: Argentina.
Racked by hyperinflation, and on the eve of a contentious election, Argentina has ceased paying Bolivia for natural gas. Argentina owes $200 million - a large chunk of Bolivia's total income. This comes in the midst of Bolivia's loan renegotiations, with some banks squeezing so hard as to endanger this recuperating patient.
Bolivian officials are heading to Washington in search of a bridge loan of $100 million. This would be repayable in August after Bolivia seats a new President and would cover the shortfall from Argentina. For the Bush Administration not to help would cruelly reward a country coping maturely with crushing problems in a democratic way.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>He missed getting the player of the 90's by 80 minutes. Neil Smith, a general manager who usually gets his man, realized yesterday he might never get another shot at a brawny teen-ager like Eric Lindros.
"This kind of player doesn't come along too often," Smith said. "I'd do it all again. We did what we could. We dotted our i's, crossed our t's. I just don't know if there will be a next time."
Smith was disappointed by the ruling of Lawrence Bertuzzi, the arbitrator who granted Philadelphia the negotiating rights to Lindros. Smith had fallen in love with Lindros's game long ago, when the center was an amateur player for St. Michael's and he was scouting him for the Detroit Red Wings. Smith insisted, however, the Rangers were not hurting because of this loss. Depth Isn't a Concern
"We'd like an all-star team for New York," Smith said. "We'd like to upgrade the team. But I don't feel like we lost anything. It's possible we'll be stronger this way for the 1992-93 season. We would have hurt our depth."
Smith would not confirm which Ranger players were involved in the aborted deal, but said he felt for all of them during this uncertain period. Goaltender John Vanbiesbrouck, one of the players who was expected to be part of the proposed deal, said yesterday he had mixed feelings about the matter.
"The goaltending situation has come to a crossroads, and it has to be rectified," Vanbiesbrouck said, about the stubborn time-sharing plan with Mike Richter. "I wasn't negative about Quebec. It was actually interesting to think about the cultural change. I was curious what Quebec had to offer."
At the same time, Vanbiesbrouck said he was happy to have the Lindros matter resolved.
"Even though it's not written in stone that I'm going to be a Ranger," said Vanbiesbrouck, "this gives me a little more focus.
"This team was very close this year. There's no reason we shouldn't be very close next year.
"Eric Lindros is coming to a strong division. He will make things more difficult for goaltenders and defensemen. But one player can't do the work of four, and the Flyers are hurting a little."
Adam Graves, a Ranger who was never mentioned as part of any Lindros trade proposal, said the nondeal was in the best interests of the team.
"Things happen or don't happen, for a reason," Graves said by telephone from his home outside Toronto. "We were pretty happy with our team last year. I think this worked out for the best."  HOCKEY<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>ROTHMAN-Robert A. Of Plantation, Florida. Formerly of Wayne, NJ, on July 20th, 1998. Beloved husband of the late Belle, father and friend to son Leonard, loving grandfather of Holly and Kevin, devoted brother of Frieda Eckstein, Lillian Ziesel, and the late Erna Hochman, Otto, Emil and Jules Rothman. Robert was a mechanical engineer. Funeral service Wednesday, July 22 at Schoem's Menorah Chapel, West 150 Route 4, Paramus, N.J. at 10 A.M.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LANDAUER--Eva, a distinguished child psychoanalyst born on October 9, 1917 in Heilbron, Germany. died on February 14, 2004. Ms. Landauer was the daughter of Dr. Karl Landauer, a prominent German-Jewish psychoanalyst who was one of the founders of the Frankfurt Psychoanalytic Institute. In 1933, the family had to leave Nazi Germany and established residence in Holland, where Dr. Landauer started a private practice and the Landauer children, Eva, her younger sister (Susan) and brother (Paul) resumed their schooling. It was Eva's intent to follow in the footsteps of her father as a psychoanalyst. However, all that was to change as a result of the harsh realities of the German conquest of Holland. Schooling was no longer an option for Jewish children. Eventually, Dr. Landauer, his wife Karolina, and Eva were transferred to a Dutch internment camp and later shipped to the German concentration camp of Bergen-Belsen, where Dr. Landauer died of starvation. Miraculously both Eva and her mother survived and later emigrated to the United States, where they were joined by Susan and Paul, both of whom had managed to avoid capture with the assistance of the Dutch underground. Once again the family had to start life anew. Eva was able to resume her schooling by obtaining a scholarship to Columbia University where she eventually obtained a Master's degree. Later she attended the London School of Economics on a Fulbright scholarship and also attended the Hempstead Clinic. She then returned to the United States and was able to work as a child analyst for the rest of her professional life. She became a member of The New York Freudian Society, International Psychoanalytic Association and The Association for Child Psychoanalysis where she served on the Executive Committee. In addition, she worked for the Jewish Board of Family and Children's Services, both at the Child Development Center and later as a valued senior clinical supervisor in the agency's Advanced Training Program. She will be greatly missed by her colleagues, students and friends, many of whom were unaware of the horrors of her past since she was never one to invoke the sympathy of others by dwelling on her personal hardships. She is survived by her sister Susan, her brother-in-law, Dr. Martin Fleishman, her sister-in-law, Joyce Landauer, her nephews Matthew and Charles Landauer and Charles' wife Susan Stafford Landauer and children, Ben and Megan Landauer.
LANDAUER--Eva. On February 14th, 2004, age 86. The New York Freudian Society mourns the death of our valued and loved colleague and friend. Eva was a gifted child psychoanalyst, trained in London with Anna Freud. Her father, Karl Landauer, a close associate of Sigmund Freud, founded the Frankfort Psychoanalytic Institute. Dedicated teacher, supervisor and mentor to countless of our members and candidates and to those of the Association for Child Psychoanalysis and the Jewish Board of Family & Children's Services where she worked for 50 years.
LANDAUER--Eva. The Jewish Board of Family and Children's Services notes with sadness the death of Eva Landauer, former Senior Supervisor at the Child Development Center and teacher at the JBFCS Advanced Training Program in Child Therapy. A seminal thinker who had a major influence on theory and practice in child treatment, Eva was well-respected and beloved by many years of students and supervisees. She was a true teacher. Jean L. Troubh, President Alan B. Siskind, Ph.D. Executive VP and CEO<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>''There are rules and regulations, and there's protecting your soldiers. I just felt I'd never have to write a letter of condolence home to a 'rule and regulation.'''
LT. COL. ALLEN B. WEST, who was relieved of command over a coercive interrogation in Iraq. [A1]<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LENOIRE - Rosetta. There will be a memorial celebration for Rosetta Lenoire on Tuesday, June 25th at 1PM, the John Housman Theatre, 450 W. 42nd Street.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Politicians from Chile's ruling coalition called today for the former dictator Augusto Pinochet to resign as army chief after a former secret service  agent was arrested for the murder of an exiled general.
"I believe that, seen from General Pinochet's position, this is is an occasion to resign," said a Christian Democratic senator, Jorge Lavandero.
Argentina announced on Monday the arrest of Eduardo Arancibia Clavel, a member of Chile's now-disbanded DINA secret police, who was accused of involvement in the 1974 car-bomb killing of Gen. Carlos Prats and his wife in Buenos Aires.
The general, General Pinochet's predecessor as commander of the armed forces, opposed the coup that brought the military Government to power in 1973. General  Prats and his wife went into exile in Argentina shortly after the coup.
Government officials said they were confident that the arrest would not affect fragile relations between elected civilian leaders and the military. "It's not an issue of institutional responsibility but of personal and individual acts," said Deputy War Minister Jorge Burgos.
Relations were severely strained last year following the conviction of retired Gen. Manuel Contreras, a former DINA chief, for the killing of another Pinochet opponent, Orlando Letelier, in Washington in 1976.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
After reading ''Price of Propane Making It Harder to Keep Warm'' (front page, Feb. 5), I thought about how lucky the rural residents of Iowa are. One woman said she paid as high as $1.24 a gallon for propane this winter, though the price has since dipped to $1.16.
Here in rural southern Georgia, the picture is much bleaker. I had propane delivered a week ago, and it cost $2.34 a gallon. In fact, the last time we saw prices that approached those in Iowa was the winter of 1998-99, when we paid around $1.05 a gallon.
The only thing saving rural Georgians is that the weather here is warmer.
R. EDGAR BODENHAMER  Waycross, Ga., Feb. 5, 2001<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>THE SETTING --Upstairs at O'Casey's restaurant on East 41st Street, 40 dedicated Sherlock Holmes fans gathered Wednesday to celebrate the world's supreme detective and the 146th anniversary of his birth, said to be Jan. 6.
The dinner -- only one deerstalker cap in attendance -- was a warm-up to four days of Holmes festivities in Manhattan, including staged readings, scholarly papers presented by the venerable Baker Street Irregulars and a costume dinner, the Baskerville Bash. Wednesday's event was sponsored by the Adventuresses of Sherlock Holmes, founded in 1965 because the Irregulars wouldn't admit women. (They have since relented.)
THE BUZZ -- Karen Anderson of Orinda, Calif., wore a name tag identifying her as the Widow MacNamara from ''The Valley of Fear.'' (Her California club takes its name, the Scowrers and the Molly Maguires, from that novella.) Her husband, Poul Anderson, the science fiction writer, said he often returned to the works of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. Of his own writing, he said, ''Oh, every once in a while, I smuggle in a reference.''
Bjarne Nielsen, president of the Danish club, was among those who had attended Holmes parties in London, New York and Copenhagen. ''It's the most fascinating group of people I've ever met,'' he said. ''I don't think we would agree on anything except one thing: that Sherlock Holmes is still alive.''
Joe Moran, an actuary and the occupant of the deerstalker cap, said he had devoted years to rehabilitating the reputation of his canonical antecedent, Col. Sebastian Moran. That notorious figure only appeared to be a villain, Mr. Moran said; actually, Colonel Moran was working for British Intelligence, and his boss, the first M, was Mycroft Holmes, Sherlock's brother.
Catherine Cooke, who is in charge of the 2,000-item Holmes collection at the Marylebone Library in London, expressed enthusiasm over Doyle's ''sheer power of characterization,'' and the little inconsistencies, like the number of Watson's wives, that spur Holmesian scholarship. ''The stories were nostalgic when they were written,'' she said. While Holmes lived in a world of hansom cabs and gaslights, motorcars and electric power were becoming commonplace in Doyle's London.
Maribeau Briggs explained the Holmes phenomenon from the point of view of a professional magician, which she is: ''You have to be in a frame of mind to accept illusions.'' And how was she initially attracted to Holmes? ''I had a cousin who decided to disappear,'' she said. He left the books. She never found him, but she found Holmes.
MICHAEL POLLAK
NEIGHBORHOOD REPORT: MIDTOWN -- BUZZ<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>* Straight Arrow Products, Bethlehem, Pa., to McAdams, Richman & Ong Advertising and Design, Bala-Cynwyd, Pa., as the first agency to handle the account for its health and beauty product lines. Billings were estimated at $2 million.
* Orthodontics Centers of America, Jacksonville, Fla., to Matthews & Associates, Los Angeles, to handle its account, previously handled by Anson-Stoner Inc., Winter Park, Fla. Billings were estimated at $2 million.
THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING -- ADDENDA<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A Brooklyn florist has been arrested with over 600,000 tablets of the drug Ecstasy in what federal agents and the police said yesterday was the New York area's largest single seizure of the popular drug sold in dance clubs and at all-night raves.
The man, identified as Charles Coppola, 58, was arrested Thursday morning in front of his home at 2714 East 65th Street in the Mill Basin section of Brooklyn by agents from the federal Drug Enforcement Administration and the city and state police, the authorities said.
Yesterday, Mr. Coppola was arraigned in Federal District Court in Brooklyn before Magistrate Judge Marilyn Dolan Go on a single count of possession with intent to distribute narcotics and was held without bail. At the arraignment, Jed Davis, an assistant United States attorney, said Mr. Coppola faced up to 10 years in prison if convicted.
Mr. Coppola's lawyer, Fern Schwaber, would not comment on the case.
A euphoria-producing synthetic stimulant, Ecstasy, which is also known as MDMA for the chemical compound that makes up its active ingredient -- methylenedioxymethamphetamine -- has become increasingly popular in recent years, officials said.
Lewis Rice Jr., the special agent in charge of the D.E.A.'s New York office, yesterday pointed to a study released Monday by the Partnership for a Drug-Free America that found use among American teenagers had doubled since 1995. He said the rise in the drug's popularity was being driven in part by traffickers who have carefully marketed the drug, a commodity from which they are making millions of dollars.
The drug is largely produced in Western Europe, often in the Netherlands, where it can be bought for 50 cents to $2 per tablet, he said. It is sold in New York and around the country for $20 to $40 per tablet, making a conservative estimate of the potential profit on the drugs seized from Mr. Coppola of more than $10 million.
The seizure is the second-largest in the United States, said Joseph Pentangelo, a D.E.A. spokesman. The largest, involving more than 2 million tablets, was made by U.S. Customs Service agents in July.
Some of the pills seized Thursday were found in the trunk of Mr. Coppola's rental car and others were found in his house, according to a criminal complaint filed in Federal District Court in Brooklyn by Frank Adamo, a D.E.A. special agent.
The complaint also said that the New York Drug Enforcement Task Force, made up of D.E.A. agents and New York City and state police investigators, had been investigating Mr. Coppola since January.
The Ecstasy tablets seized in the case are emblazoned with different logos, including four-leaf clovers and a silhouette of the cartoon character Tweety Bird, Mr. Rice said.
A law enforcement official said  Mr. Coppola was a ''low-level player'' with one prior arrest for tax violations in 1992. During the arraignment, Mr. Davis, the assistant United States attorney, said Mr. Coppola has made several trips to Israel despite claiming a weekly income of just a few hundred dollars a week.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Three years ago Carlos Knight was living in a Williamsburg homeless shelter and surviving on $599 a month in Supplemental Security Income. He was unable to hold a permanent job, he said, because of bipolar disorder, which causes him to feel elated one minute and utterly depressed the next.
''I get a lot of mood swings,'' he said. ''When I get depressed I get frustrated, and I can't think, and I can't make a decision.''
Mr. Knight, now 35, was referred to the East New York Clubhouse by a worker at the shelter where he slept. ''They said you need something to occupy your time all day,'' Mr. Knight said.
The clubhouse offers a daytime program for mentally ill adults. It is run by the Brooklyn Bureau of Community Service, one of the seven local charities supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund.
The clubhouse has 130 members. To qualify, one needs only have an interest in coming and have a diagnosed mental illness or disability. Each member is referred by a social worker or a mental health therapist. About 45 members come each day to the clubhouse, several inviting rooms on the ground floor of a brick building on Atlantic Avenue between Vermont and Wyona Streets.
''The goal of the clubhouse is to foster independence through a variety of tasks,'' said the clubhouse's director, Beth Schultz.
Members, most of whom have depression or other mental disabilities like schizophrenia or developmental retardation, cook breakfast and lunch for one another, make sure the clubhouse is kept clean, learn computer programs, answer the clubhouse's phones, and form discussion committees. Among these are the problem resolution committee, which aims at resolving conflicts that may arise between members, and the men's committee, in which male clubhouse members talk about the stresses of relationships.
Each day members sign up for a variety of tasks listed on a large black chalkboard near the dining area, such as: ''Sweep in front of building,'' ''Water plants,'' ''Empty garbage,'' ''Clean off stove,'' ''Mop kitchen'' and ''Re-stock bathrooms.''
The jobs provide basic skills for the members who need them, Ms. Schultz said, but for the members with depression they can serve another, perhaps more important purpose. ''It takes our minds off all that stuff that we struggle with,'' she said. ''Some of the members said when they're busy in the kitchen they don't think about their mental illness.''
Before Renee Pierce, 44, came to the clubhouse a year ago, she was unemployed and sleeping on a couch in her mother's Brooklyn apartment.
When she first came to the clubhouse, Ms. Pierce, who is mildly mentally retarded and schizophrenic, was shy and inactive. She has become a great help to the clubhouse's staff, acting as a receptionist and messenger, Ms. Schultz said.
Ms. Pierce is studying for her G.E.D., and plans on getting it within two years. She said she hoped to become a home health aide or a nurse's assistant.
As Ms. Pierce sat across the room, laughing and joking with other clubhouse members, Ms. Schultz looked at her and said, ''This is someone who was pretty much more withdrawn. For her to realize that she can be accepted is pretty powerful.''
Mr. Knight said he found a reason to believe in himself at the clubhouse. He recently was hired by the New York Foundling Hospital to help build custom-made wheelchairs for disabled children.
''You come here and you try to build yourself,'' he said. ''Where else can you come to make friends and build up your skills?''
HOW TO HELP
Checks payable to The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund should be sent to P.O. Box 5193, General Post Office, New York, N.Y. 10087, or any of these  organizations:
BROOKLYN BUREAU OF COMMUNITY SERVICE  285 Schermerhorn Street, Brooklyn, N.Y. 11217.
CATHOLIC CHARITIES OF THE ARCHDIOCESE OF NEW YORK  1011 First Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10022.
CATHOLIC CHARITIES, DIOCESE OF BROOKLYN AND QUEENS  191 Joralemon Street, Brooklyn, N.Y. 11201.
CHILDREN'S AID SOCIETY  105 East 22d Street, New York, N.Y. 10010.
COMMUNITY SERVICE SOCIETY OF NEW YORK  105 East 22d Street, New York, N.Y. 10010.
FEDERATION OF PROTESTANT WELFARE AGENCIES  281 Park Avenue South, New York, N.Y. 10010.
UJA-FEDERATION OF NEW YORK  Church Street Station, P.O. Box 4100, New York, N.Y. 10261-4100
No agents or solicitors are authorized to seek contributions for The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund.
The Times pays the fund's expenses, so all contributions go directly to the charities, which use them to provide services and cash assistance to the poor.
Donations may be made with a credit card online, courtesy of the Qpass digital commerce service, at www.nytimes.com/neediest. Online donors receive a free trial subscription to the crossword puzzle of The New York Times on the Web.
Contributions to the fund are deductible on Federal, state and city income taxes to the extent permitted by law.
To delay may mean to forget.
Previously recorded $2,923,500.76  Recorded Monday 38,384.50
Total $2,961,885.26
Last year to date $2,112,184.69<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The Texas Elk Company in Lubbock sells various cuts and jerky made from lean, ranch-raised elk meat. But for those who have never tasted elk, the best introduction might be the company's delicious tamales. They are small, about the size of spring rolls, and the spicy ground-elk filling is surrounded by stone-ground cornmeal and wrapped in a dried corn husk, frozen and ready to steam or heat in a microwave. An order of four dozen is $40 plus shipping: (866)839-2735 or www.texaselkcompany.com.
FOOD STUFF<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
You fault President Bush for the nuclear treaty he signed with India, citing the damage it does to the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty. But considering that Iran and North Korea signed that treaty (North Korea later withdrew), it would seem clear that the treaty has been a failure.
Instead of pretending that the treaty works, Mr. Bush rightly acknowledges that a liberal democracy like India is entitled to a nuclear program as much as we are.
Also, I am surprised that instead of admiring Mr. Bush for his plain talk with Gen. Pervez Musharraf in pushing for democracy in Pakistan and denying his country similar terms, you criticize him for insulting General Musharraf.
Ari Weitzner  New York, March 7, 2006<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Italy said today that it had never been asked whether it would allow some of the Palestinian militants holed up in the Church of the Nativity in Bethlehem to come here.
''The possibility of receiving Palestinian citizens in Italy has never been raised, and given the current state of affairs cannot even be considered,'' the Foreign Ministry said in a statement.
The statement raised the question of how the negotiations could have gone so far without the government's being consulted and why the government had for days ignored the many reports that said the Palestinians would go to Italy.
''Nobody thought to ask,'' a high-ranking diplomat said this evening. ''We have still not received any request from the two sides. People were so eager to find a solution, they didn't check.''
Some priests involved in trying to find a solution to the standoff in Bethlehem are Italian, apparently leading negotiators to assume Italy's consent, the diplomat said.
One clue to the situation came from Ernesto Olivero, a friend of Pope John Paul II and the director of a Catholic organization in Turin. He said in an interview this evening that his agency had been asked by ''important personalities in Jerusalem'' to be a host for the Palestinians and that he had gladly agreed.
But Mr. Olivero said he had not heard from the government, and he would not say who made the request. Asked whether Vatican officials had made the request, he responded: ''That's part of our discussions. We can't say.''
Mr. Olivero's group, the Servizio Missionario Giovani, or the Young Missionary Service, which operates from a former firearms factory now known as the Arsenal of Peace, houses a medical center, a shelter for the homeless and a monastery. It also sponsors a number of third world development projects.
Vatican officials are pushing for a solution that involves Italy. Last week, the pope sent Cardinal Roger Etchegaray to Mideast to try to resolve the confrontation at the site where Christians believe that Jesus was born.
A spokesman for the Vatican, Joaquin Navarro-Valls, said the Holy See and the Italian government had not had official contacts about a role.
Several Italian officials said that was precisely the problem. They said the Vatican did not have the right to make promises on Italy's behalf and expressed anger that Italy's cooperation had been assumed.
Defense Minister Antonio Martino said the government would give ''maximum attention'' to any request to be a host for the Palestinians. But Mr. Martino made it clear that Italy would not accept ''unilateral initiatives'' imposed on it.
''There are still things to clarify,'' he said. ''For example, in what capacity would they come to Italy?''
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi is under intense pressure from the United States to accept the deal, and he received two telephone calls today from Secretary of State Colin L. Powell, according to a State Department spokesman.
The undersecretary of foreign affairs, Alfredo Mantica, said the government was expecting to receive an official request soon.
MIDEAST TURMOIL: ROME<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>If I was mystified by Kate's habit of hoarding her earnings and not shar-ing them with the man she supposedly wed for life, I was floored even more by the letters.
Do these readers not believe in the division of property in divorce? I think that if a man kept his earnings separate from his wife during marriage and did not consider them joint income, there would be a cry of outrage.
Bonnie Schultz  Princeton, N.J.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Federal prosecutors have opened a criminal investigation into possible financial fraud by David A. Stockman, the former budget director in the Reagan White House, ABC News and The Associated Press said.
Mr. Stockman became chief executive at Collins & Aikman, an auto parts maker in Troy, Mich., in 2003. He quit shortly before Collins & Aikman filed for bankruptcy protection last year.
Investigators are looking into how the company accounted for millions of dollars in vendor rebates from 2002 to 2004. Collins said an internal review showed that it might have to reduce its earnings in that period by $10 million or more.
Elkan Abramowitz, Mr. Stockman's lawyer, told The A.P. that his client had cooperated with the authorities and should not be charged.
While still at the White House, of course, Mr. Stockman dismissed Reaganomics as a ''Trojan horse'' to allow large tax cuts for the rich. He later said the White House had summoned him to the ''woodshed'' for punishment.
MARK A. STEIN
OPENERS: SUITS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: The BSN Groupe, France's largest food company, announced today that it had joined IFIL Partecipazioni, a key holding company of the Agnelli family, to make a $1.6 billion acquisition of Galbani, the largest cheese company in Italy.
The BSN Groupe, France's largest food company, announced today that it had joined IFIL Partecipazioni, a key holding company of the Agnelli family, to make a $1.6 billion acquisition of Galbani, the largest cheese company in Italy.
Analysts said this acquisition, the third major deal by BSN in six weeks, showed that BSN was aggressively pursuing its strategy of buying respected brand names and expanding throughout Europe in preparation for the barrier-free market of 1992.
''BSN's pace of acquisition is quite staggering,'' said Nigel Phipps, an analyst with the London brokerage County NatWest Securities Ltd. Other Recent BSN Purchases
In June, BSN, which markets Dannon yogurt, Kronenbourg beer and Evian mineral water, acquired five cookie and snack subsidiaries of RJR Nabisco for $2.5 billion, before selling off two of them to Pepsico for $1.35 billion. Also in June, BSN acquired control of Greece's No. 2 beer company, Henninger Hellas.
BSN executives said they had acquired 35 percent of the equity in Galbani, which is known for Bel Paese cheese, while the Agnellis' IFIL operation would hold 65 percent. In March, BSN joined with the Agnelli family, the largest shareholder of the Fiat automobile group, to acquire a 45 percent stake in Star, a leading Italian grocery group.
''The Galbani purchase is a great move,'' said Sylvain Massot, an analyst with the London brokerage UBS Phillips & Drew. ''It creates many synergies between grocery and fresh foods. This will probably make BSN the No. 1 food company in Italy.'' Link to IFIL Is Praised
Analysts praised BSN's strategy of linking up with IFIL, because such a tie enables it to expand its distribution network without overstretching its finanical resources. Many analysts had asked wheher BSN had overextended itself when it bought the RJR Nabisco subsidiaries, but analysts now say that BSN must have sold the snack food subsidiaires to Pepsico in anticipation of the Galbani acquisition.
BSN and the Agnelli family began cooperating in 1987, when they purchased the Sangemini mineral water group, which sells Ferrarelle, Italy's most popular sparkling water. In September 1987, BSN and the Agnellis announced an accord in which IFIL would acquire 4 percent of BSN's equity, while BSN acquired 20 percent in IFIL's.
Galbani, which analysts said was family owned, has 17 percent of the Italian cheese market, including 18 percent of mozzarella sales. In 1988, Galbani had net income of 123 billion lire, or about $88.3 million at current exchange rates, on revenues of 1.450 trillion lire, or about $1 billion.
''This fits very well into BSN's strategy of expanding in southern Europe, which is the fastest-growing market in Europe,'' said Andrew Shepherd-Barron, an analyst with Kleinwort Benson Securities in London. Pan-European Network
Executives at BSN said the Galbani acquisition should allow it to use its Pan-European distribution network to market Galbani products far beyond Italy. In addition, the acquisition should enable BSN to increase the penetration of its Dannon and Gervais dairy products in Italy.
Under their agreement with IFIL, BSN executives said, their company manages the concerns that the two own jointly. BSN owns 20 percent of IFIL's equity, and as a result it directly or indirectly owns 48 percent of Galbani.
''Because BSN is a French company, it's unlikely to have contacts in the Italian business community to get them around a table to make an offer,'' said Mr. Phipps, the County NatWest analyst. ''Obviously the Agnellis can open most doors.'' Sales of $3 Billion in Italy
With the Galbani acquisition, BSN, through operations it directly or indirectly controls, will have close to $3 billion in sales in Italy. One of the businesses that BSN acquired from RJR Nabisco was Saiwa, a leading biscuit and snack company in Italy.
Analysts questioned how BSN would finance its Galbani stake. ''I'm not sure what their balance sheet is going to be like after this, but obviously they don't feel very stretched,'' Mr. Phipps said. Some analysts suggested that to help finance its Galbani stake, BSN might announce a rights issue that would be purchased by IFIL.
Besides Bel Paese, Galbani has several well-known brand names, including Galbi, Certosa and Santa Lucia. Antoine Riboud, BSN's chairman, has long said that it is important to have and acquire respected brand names.
''Mr. Riboud always said that in order to do business in Italy, you need an Italian godfather,'' Mr. Shepherd-Barron of Kleinwort Benson said. ''He found the best godfather.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The Practical Traveler column on March 24 misstated the preferred telephone number for Martinair charter airline reservations. The preferred reservation number is (800) 366-4655.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A sports article and a chart on the Backtalk page last Sunday about the Masters swimmer Jeff Farrell referred incorrectly to his training and accomplishments. His daily workout regimen in 1960 involved swimming 6,000 yards a day five to six days a week, not 2,000 yards. In the 1960 national championships, Farrell's double victory came in the 100-yard and 220-yard freestyle races, not the 100- and 50-yard races. In the chart, Farrell's freestyle times were for 50 yards, not 50 meters.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The last time BRUCE WILSON wore a jersey sporting a red maple leaf was also the last time Canada played in a major tournament.
The date: June 9, 1986. The place: Irapuato, Mexico. The result: a 2-0 loss to the Soviet Union. Canada went home after three losses in the first round without scoring a goal. Wilson went home to western Canada, where he has since been the men's coach at the University of Victoria.
Wilson was once considered a candidate to coach the national team right after that World Cup, when Tony Waiters stepped down. He would probably like to be considered again, particularly after Canada's dismal 4-0 loss to the United States on Jan. 18. (Next up for Canada is a trip to Libya for a game in Tripoli on Feb. 12.) The generally opinionated Wilson was careful to measure his words, to a point.
''It's tough because there is nothing for our players at home,'' Wilson said, echoing recent comments by the current coach of the national team, the German HELGER OSIECK. ''The coach does not have a deep pool of players he can count on.''
Canada's largely developmental squad was without European-based players like TOMASZ RADZINSKI, who plays in England with Everton, and JASON DeVOS, also in England with Wigan of the Second Division. But perhaps the worst slap in the face was the decision by OWEN HARGREAVES (Bayern Munich) several years ago to play internationally for England, not Canada, where he was born to an English father and a Welsh mother.
''The reason for Canada's success when I was playing was the North American Soccer League,'' said Wilson, who played for Vancouver, Toronto, Chicago and the Cosmos during his 14-year professional career. ''Now with M.L.S., Canadians are considered foreign players, so our best players go overseas, where they can get a bit more money. I have to give M.L.S. credit. They don't want Canadian teams, and they have said they want to help develop American players. They have been brilliant. In the N.A.S.L., Canadian and American players were equal. It was super for us.''
DWAYNE DeROSARIO (San Jose) is the only Canadian who plays in Major League Soccer, which has considered expanding to Canada but has yet to find suitable investors. Several Canadians play in the A-League, the second-tier operation that has clubs in the United States and Canada.
Canada did not qualify for the 2002 World Cup and will probably have a better chance in 2006 since the Concacaf region could have four teams in the tournament. Canada is currently ranked 70th by FIFA, tied with Jordan, one place behind Venezuela, one ahead of Cuba -- hardly world-beaters. Canada's only claim to modest success was winning the 2000 Gold Cup, but only after it advanced past the first round by the toss of a coin.
''Winning the Gold Cup was really such a nonevent,'' Wilson said. ''By the reaction from some people, you would think we had won the World Cup. Being the national coach was a big issue for me at one time. Maybe it is again, I don't really know. But I don't understand how a coach fails to take a team to the World Cup and gets a new contract. Anywhere else in the world he would be gone.''
METROSTARS
The MetroStars announced yesterday that goalkeeper TIM HOWARD, 23, had signed a contract extension that could keep him with the team through the 2006 season.
''My ultimate goal is to play with national team in World Cup, and I need to take the steps to make that happen,'' Howard, who has made three appearances for the United States, said in a conference call. ''There is no sense going to Europe just to go to Europe. I don't want to be a backup, but with only three caps, no teams are knocking down my door.''
Howard, a native of North Brunswick, N.J., is in training camp with the national team in Bradenton, Fla. He started 27 matches for the MetroStars last season and had a 1.61 goals against average.
''To have a young keeper with his experience, his maturity and his leadership ability is very rare,'' MetroStars Coach BOB BRADLEY said. ''For all those reasons we've got a great situation.''
The MetroStars also announced that all 30 of their regular-season M.L.S. matches will be televised: 18 on MSG Network, 3 on Fox Sports New York and 9 on ESPN2.
Also yesterday, the league announced that TAYLOR TWELLMAN, 22, last season's leading scorer, had renegotiated a contract through 2006. Although details were not available, Twellman earned the league minimum, $24,000, while having 23 goals and 6 assists for New England.
And Chicago traded HRISTO STOITchKOV to D.C. United, where he will be a player coach.
CORNER KICKS
The draw for the under-20 world championship will be held tomorrow in the United Arab Emirates. The tournament is to be played March 25 to April 16. . . . United States national team defender/midfielder FRANKIE HEJDUK is close to signing a contract with M.L.S. to play in Columbus. . . . After 40 years at Indiana University, JERRY YEAGLEY announced that he would retire as the men's coach after the 2003 season. He has a 527-98-40 record, including five N.C.A.A. titles. . . . Japan, which is scheduled to play the United States in Seattle on March 29, has added a match against Uruguay on March 26 in San Jose, Calif. . . . The Milwaukee Rampage, the defending A-League champion, is no more. The Rampage, which was struggling financially, was replaced in the 19-team minor league by Milwaukee Wave United, which plays in the Major Indoor Soccer League. United will retain Wave Coach KEITH TOZER, and 12 Rampage players have been assigned to the Wave. At least their use of United is bona fide, the merging of two teams, unlike D.C. United of M.L.S., which united nothing.
Arsenal will travel to Old Trafford to play Manchester United in the fifth round of the English F.A. Cup after the draw was announced yesterday. The match will be played on Feb. 15 or 16.
EMMA HAYES, 26, the coach of the year last season with the Long Island Lady Riders of the 34-team W-League, has been named the coach of the women's team at Iona College. Hayes, a native of England, has also coached locally for the Manhattan Soccer Club. DWAYNE ROBERTS, the former coach, had a record of 18-79-5 in six seasons.
JACK BELL
SOCCER: NOTEBOOK<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: A 5-year-old Bronx boy was killed yesterday afternoon at a gathering of family and friends, the victim of what seemed to be a random shot fired from across the street, the police said.
A 5-year-old Bronx boy was killed yesterday afternoon at a gathering of family and friends, the victim of what seemed to be a random shot fired from across the street, the police said.
The killing came just over three hours after an 11-year-old girl was wounded, also by a stray bullet, in another part of the South Bronx. The police said there was no connection between the two incidents.
A police spokesman, Sgt. Maurice Howard, said the second shooting occurred at 1:15 P.M. in a housing project in the Clasons Point section. He said the victim, Jose Diaz, lived in a fourth-floor apartment at 1755 Story Avenue and was celebrating Christmas with his mother, Anna Diaz, 32, and several other adults and children at the time.
Suddenly, the sergeant reported, a bullet ripped through a metal window frame into the living room, struck the boy in the head, and lodged in a closet wall. He said the boy was pronounced dead shortly after 2:30 at Bronx Municipal Hospital Center as detectives began their investigation into the circumstances of the shooting and where the shot had come from.
Last evening, it remained unclear who and how many people were at the gathering because those present left the apartment as quickly as they could, Sergeant Howard said.
Earlier, at 10:07 A.M. across the Bronx River, the 11-year-old was leaving a grocery store at 1142 East 165th Street when she was shot. ''She heard a pop and felt the pain in her leg,'' the sergeant said.
The girl, whose name was withheld, was taken to Lincoln Hospital with a wound in her left calf but otherwise in good condition, Sergeant Howard said. According to investigators, .22-caliber shells were found on a roof in the vicinity, indicating a less powerful firearm than the one with which the Diaz boy was slain.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
There is no doubt that the allegations of sexual assault against a popular basketball coach and his subsequent suicide are a tragedy for Garfield, N.J. (Our Towns column, Nov. 3). What seems to have been lost in the community's honoring him is the experience of the girls who reported that they were assaulted.
Survivors of sexual assault, especially when the offender is a well-liked member of the community, are often not believed.
When they are believed, they  are frequently blamed for the assault.
We must continue to spread the message that very few reports of sexual violence turn out to be false, and that the victims are never to blame.
DEBORAH K. SHEPHERD  Trenton, Nov. 4, 1999
The writer is executive director of the New Jersey Coalition Against Sexual Assault.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>An article on Oct. 30 about pensions and companies that are phasing them out or unable to pay them referred imprecisely to the credit status of General Motors and its potential effect on the company's pension plan. Earlier this year, the company's bonds, not its stocks, were downgraded to a junk rating.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Senator Richard J. Durbin, Democrat of Illinois, called on the inspector general of the Education Department to investigate whether companies that lend to students have engaged in inappropriate activities by offering inducements, like gifts or cash payments to universities and their officials in an effort to increase loan volume. The relations between lenders and universities may create a conflict of interest, Mr. Durbin wrote.
JONATHAN D. GLATER (NYT)<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>It was a scene of grim and glittering chaos. Shortly after USAir Flight 405, taking off for Cleveland in a snowstorm, skidded from a La Guardia Airport runway into the chill waters of Flushing Bay, emergency workers swarmed over and around the wreckage, their lighted hats aglow.
About 250 firefighters responded to calm the initial blaze, which had lighted up the sky as though the sun had suddenly risen.
Almost as many police officers were on the scene, some up to their shoulders in the icy water, working alongside some 20 or 30 divers. The air temperature at the time of the crash was right at freezing, the National Weather Service said.
Floodlights penetrated the blackness over the water; about 40 ambulances, their klaxons shrieking, emergency lights flashing red and yellow and white, shuttled the wounded away, and helicopters, their rotors shuddering in the night, scanned the surface of the bay for survivors.
The first five rows of the plane were submerged, said a rescue worker, Daniel Francis of the Port Authority police, who said he and others had pulled several bodies, badly charred, from the wreckage.  'It's Not Deep Water'
"There was a secondary explosion in the water," Mr. Francis said. He heard screaming coming from every direction, he said.
Around the plane, five Coast Guard boats searched the water, apparently in vain. "There was nothing for us to rescue," Lieut. Chuck Jennings said. "It's not deep water."
William M. Feehan, chief of operations for the Fire Department, said about 1:45 A.M. that the department was shutting down its rescue operation for the night. The tide had risen dangerously, he said, and many of the wetsuits worn by department divers had been ripped on shards from the fuselage. He said the water temperature made hypothermia a serious threat. At last count, Chief Feehan said, there were eight corpses still inside the plane. They were secured with ropes to keep them from drifting, he said.
Capt. Bill Olsen of New York City Emergency Medical Service was doing forward triage at the crash site. Describing the passengers who managed to escape the wreck, he said: "A couple were severely injured. There were back injuries, some walking wounded. One person had an amputated leg."
"We've got a few Port Authority guys with smoke inhalation, burns and a lot of hypothermia right now," Captain Olsen said.
Three rescue workers were taken to Booth Memorial Medical Center in Flushing, one of them a police officer who was suffering from hypothermia after trying to rescue a crew member from the submerged cockpit of the plane. The officer was in stable condition, but Raymond Queren, an emergency medical technician who brought him in, said, "He doesn't have a lot of memory of what happened."<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Because of an editing error, an article last Friday about camel treks in the American West misstated the location of Valley Mills, Tex., the base of Texas Camel Corps. It is in central Texas, between Austin and Dallas;the company's treks are in the Big Bend region.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: As Los Angeles teachers vote this week on whether to strike in June, parents here are organizing to push for an end to the long and bitter contract negotiations in the nation's second-largest school district.
As Los Angeles teachers vote this week on whether to strike in June, parents here are organizing to push for an end to the long and bitter contract negotiations in the nation's second-largest school district.
The parents say they support the teachers' goals of higher pay and more say in how schools are run but are concerned that the year-long delay in reaching an agreement is hurting the education of the 600,000 students.
Parents and students are also upset because most of the district's 22,000 teachers are withholding last semester's official grades. Instead, teachers have given students grades on union-issued cards. Despite reassurances from colleges, many high school seniors fear the unofficial grades will hurt their chances of enrollment in college.
The school district says it will withhold paychecks due March 3 if the teachers do not submit grades soon. Union leaders have vowed an immediate walkout if the paychecks are withheld. On Tuesday they asked a judge for a restraining order to prevent the checks from being withheld.
Last week representatives of the union, United Teachers-Los Angeles, voted to poll members on a strike at graduation time. A June strike would put pressure on administrators while being the least disruptive to students, union spokesmen say.
The ballots are to be counted next week. A strike vote would lead to more state-supervised arbitration, which so far has been unsuccessful.
Last week, Bill Honig, the California Superintendent of Schools, angered union officials by calling for them to accept the district's latest offer, a retroactive raise of 20 to 24 percent over three years, depending on the money available. By July 1990, teachers would be paid a minimum of $28,427 a year and a maximum of $52,030 for nine and a half months of work.
Union officials, saying the school system's bureaucracy can be trimmed to save money, want a two-year contract with an 11 percent pay increase for the 1988-89 school year and a 10 percent raise the next year. Mr. Honig said most teachers in California received 5 percent increases this year.
In January thousands of high school students skipped homeroom classes and held peaceful demonstrations. Students supported demands by teachers for higher wages and a greater role in running the schools while criticizing the grade boycott and strike threat. Some teachers have also boycotted outside school activities.
In the debate before the strike vote began, Helen Bernstein, the union vice president, said, ''This is about union busting, and if we don't take a stand we'll never have another chance.''
In a half-page newspaper advertisement Sunday, Leonard M. Britton, the Los Angeles Superintendent of Schools, called the teachers' withholding of grades ''illegal, irresponsible and unacceptable.''
Bill Bruns, an organizer of a parents' group, said many parents originally supported the teachers' demands, and some still did. But he said: ''We've had enough of the labor dispute posturing by both sides. It's very frustrating.''
Mr. Bruns and his wife, Pam, put together a coalition of parents in the Pacific Palisades area to apply pressure to settle the dispute. Mr. and Mrs. Bruns have a son and a daughter in the school system.
Leaders of Parent-Teacher Associations in Los Angeles say membership has dropped by as much as half at some schools because of dissatisfaction with the unrest. Mr. Bruns said it had reduced confidence in the district, and that parents were beginning to shift children to private schools.
Two weeks ago, Barbara Charles, the mother of a high school senior who participated in a walkout, formed Parents United For Better Schools, which says it has 5,000 members in the primarily black and Hispanic neighborhoods of central Los Angeles. The group is planning a Feb. 24 protest rally.
''We're outraged that our students are being used in a labor dispute,'' Ms. Charles said. ''If one kid doesn't go to college because of this, it's one too many. Maybe these aren't the people who should be teaching our kids.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>COMPUTER viruses have not been in the headlines lately, but that does not mean they have gone away. They tend to pop up around days like Halloween or Friday the 13th or Easter because many of them are timed to lie dormant until a certain date.
Viruses, little snippets of rogue code that are deliberately hidden in legitimate application programs and that spread by reproducing themselves, are actually very rare. The average home or small business PC user has about as much chance of getting infected with a virus as of getting hit by lightning. Viruses are more common in larger businesses, government offices and schools that have large numbers of PC's (or Macintoshes) connected on networks.
The bad news is that viruses are becoming more sneaky and more plentiful; more than 300 have been identified, but only about a dozen are in general circulation. The good news is that computer users are becoming more conscious of safe computing practices.
Two new programs are especially worthy of consideration for virus protection: the Norton Antivirus, from the Symantec Corporation, which also makes Symantec Antivirus for the Macintosh (SAM); and Hyperaccess/5, a communications program from Hilgraeve Inc.
The Norton Antivirus scans a user's disks for known viruses, removes any it finds and "immunizes" against subsequent attacks. It is useful for scanning any new software that comes on diskettes.
Many people "download" their software directly from another computer via telephone lines. Hyperaccess/5 filters out known viruses from the incoming data stream before they have a chance to infect the machine.
Antivirus filtering is just one feature of Hyperaccess/5, a superior communications program even when viruses are not considered. It is exceptionally fast and powerful and yet relatively easy to use. A new version, Hyperaccess/5 version 2.0, will be available later next month.
Both Norton and Hyperaccess work by searching the data for "signatures," sequences of characters, unique to the virus. The people who write viruses come up with new ones all the time, so virus detection programs must be updated frequently. Some of the newer, destructive (and rare) viruses encrypt themselves to hide from scanners, and others "disinfect" themselves whenever they sense a scanner, re-emerging after the scan passes.
Most viruses are more annoying than destructive, but one, called the Jerusalem virus, is particularly nasty because it clogs the computer's memory and erases application programs whenever Friday the 13th rolls around. Some rare viruses reformat the user's hard disk, wiping out all data.
One can virtually eliminate the risk by practicing safe computing.
* Use a scanning program like Norton to make sure there are no viruses in the system. Use the scanner for any new software you load into the system, even commercial programs that come in a sealed box.
* Make regular backups of all data. (Scan first; otherwise you'll be backing up the viruses along with the data.) If a virus does corrupt your files, you'll have a clean, albeit slightly dated, copy.
* Do not use "pirated" or bootlegged software, that is, unauthorized copies made by a friend. It's ethically wrong and illegal, and it is also dangerous.
* Do not download applications from obscure electronic bulletin boards, unless you're using a filtering package like Hyperaccess. All of the major, public services, such as Compuserve or Genie, scan their software to make sure no viruses are lurking there. Some private bulletin boards are less rigorous.
* Don't let other people, especially strangers, plug their own disks into your computer.
The Norton Antivirus has a list price of $129 and is available at major software stores, or from the Symantec Corporation of Santa Monica, Calif., (213) 319-2000. Symantec Antivirus for Mac (SAM) is $99.95.
Hyperaccess/5 has a list price of $99.95 for the DOS version and $199.95 for a version that works with both DOS and OS/2. Version 2.0 is scheduled for release in two to three weeks, company officials said, and will be programmed to find more than 130 of the known viruses. The phone number of Hillgraeve Inc. is (800) 826-2760.
PERSONAL COMPUTERS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Frances Clarke Sayers, a librarian, teacher and author who specialized in children's literature, died after a stroke Monday at her home in Ojai, Calif. She was 91 years old.
Frances Clarke Sayers, a librarian, teacher and author who specialized in children's literature, died after a stroke Monday at her home in Ojai, Calif. She was 91 years old.
She was the author of six children's books and was co-editor, with Edna Johnson and Evelyn R. Sickel, of ''The Anthology of Children's Literature'' (Houghton Mifflin, 1958 and 1970.) Mrs. Sayers, a graduate of Carnegie Institute of Technology, worked in the children's room at the New York Public Library from 1918 to 1923, when she moved to California. She was a children's librarian in Los Angeles and lectured at the University of California at Berkeley, the Pratt Institute and the University of Michigan.
Returning to New York in 1941, she worked at the New York Public Library until 1952, becoming superintendent of work with children. In 1954 she joined the faculty at the University of California at Los Angeles, where she was a senior lecturer in the English department and the School of Library Service. She retired in 1965.
There are no immediate survivors.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Using grocery-store plastic sacks as garbage bags is common-sense recycling. And besides, for those of us with tiny bathrooms and kitchens, where else can you find small trash bags with built-in ties? There's one drawback: they look messy hanging over the rim of the can. The Cover Can (right), available next month from Oxo, promises to solve that problem. Its two-layer design consists of an inner liner, with tabs to secure the bag handles, and a sleek cover made of thermoset (a glossy, scratch-resistant plastic similar to melamine) that slides on and off with ease. The can's rectangular shape allows it to fit neatly into tight spaces, and in keeping with Oxo's belief that ''universal design'' should be affordable as well as user-friendly, the price is a compact $25.
PILAR VILADAS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A Navy intelligence report has named at least 14 nations outside the Soviet Union and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization that are believed to possess chemical weapons, including American allies like Israel, Egypt, South Korea, Taiwan and Pakistan. It says 10 other nations are believed to be seeking chemical armaments.
The report says that Saudi Arabia, a most important United States ally in the Persian Gulf crisis, may also have chemical weapons.
The Navy document also states publicly for the first time that Syria, another critical member of the allied military coalition, possesses biological weapons and may have chemical arms.
The analysis, prepared by the Director of Naval Intelligence, Adm. Thomas A. Brooks, is the most detailed public accounting to date of chemical- and biological-warfare programs outside the big-power blocs. The Navy estimate of chemical-weapons programs suggests a continuing increase in the number of such programs. Two years ago, the Director of Central Intelligence, William H. Webster, said that 20 nations were believed to be developing chemical weapons.
Mr. Webster, who was among the first officials to underscore the chemical-weapons threat, has not identified the countries that the C.I.A. suspects of having a chemical-weapons capability.
Admiral Brooks said the spread of chemical weapons "continues with little or no sign of abating, despite abortive international attempts to standardize export controls on the necessary chemicals and equipment."
He called biological agents like anthrax an "increasingly attractive weapon" in the third world.
The admiral gave a classified assessment of weapons proliferation and the global military situation to the House Armed Services Committee on Thursday. The Pentagon declassified a version of his statement and made it available Friday. In it, he warned that the global spread of advanced armaments portends "a new and ominous dimension" in future wars.
Iraq's invasion of Kuwait and a narrowly averted war last spring between India and Pakistan are stark examples of the trend, the admiral said.
The Navy list of nations that "probably possess" chemical weapons includes Burma, China, India, North Korea, Syria, Vietnam, Israel, Egypt, South Korea, Taiwan, Pakistan, Libya, Iran and Iraq.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD:  INTERNATIONAL A3-9, A30  Colombian drug traffickers burned the homes of politicians, dynamited offices of the nation's two largest political parties, placed bombs in two radio stations and issued a communique declaring war on the Government. Page A1
INTERNATIONAL A3-9, A30  Colombian drug traffickers burned the homes of politicians, dynamited offices of the nation's two largest political parties, placed bombs in two radio stations and issued a communique declaring war on the Government. Page A1
Colombia's Foreign Minister met with a top U.S. official to discuss the wave of drug-related violence in Colombia and its latest efforts to combat narcotics traffickers. A6
News analysis: The U.S. responded in a limited way to the election of a non-Communist Prime Minister in Poland and to what would seem to be a turning point in East-West relations. A1
Poland's Parliament elected Tadeusz Mazowiecki, a devout Catholic and Solidarity supporter, to be the country's first non-Communist Prime Minister since the early postwar years. A8
The Soviets moved quickly to establish cordial ties with the new Polish Prime Minister and introduced the Solidarity adviser as a political novelty but not a threat to the current order. A8
Amid enthusiasm for a free Estonia many residents whose first language is Russian are angered and frightened. Non-Estonians living there wonder what their place will be. A30
The cease-fire in Angola declared two months ago is crumbling, and American officials expressed concern about increased fighting between Government forces and guerrillas there. A3
Syrian-backed Muslim forces shelled Junieh, the main Christian seaport north of Beirut, as a flotilla of French ships took up positions off the Lebanese coast. A3
Israeli kidnapped on the West Bank A7
Japanese official admits an affair A9
NATIONAL A10-12, D18  Voyager 2 cruised over Neptune, its cameras snapping pictures and its sensors gathering data on the conditions and forces on the outer most planet in the solar system. A1
For Voyager 2's ''family,'' it's the last of the first encounters A12
The stock market surged to a record as investors focused on declining interest rates and the rising dollar and put further behind them memories of the crash nearly two years ago. A1
Is 1989 like 1987? No, but most any measure D1
Supporters of legalized abortion in Iowa, energized by the Supreme Court's Webster decision, are creating a powerful new variable in a state so often considered a political laboratory. A1
The last Vietnam War skirmishes are being fought with words and occasionally with bullets by the Vietnamese refugees in the United States. Last week a leading figure in the debate was shot in California. A10
A snag has developed in the settlement of a case invoving the Fernald nuclear weapons plant. Residents near the plant say they may still have the right to bring claims for cleanup costs for contamination of their property. A10
Speaker Foley, reacting to an attack by Defense Secretary Cheney over military spending priorities, denied that his fellow House members were underestimating the Soviet military threat. D18
Ambitious television programs for children in San Francisco urge viewers to turn their sets off and and then go out and do something else, such as read a book or go to a museum. D18
Harder substances than diamonds may soon emerge from laboratories, scientists are predicting, upsetting a long-accepted view that nothing could rival a diamond in hardness. D18
Labor leaders were arrested as they took part in a sit-down demonstration at a courthouse in Virginia to show support for striking coal, telephone and airline workers. D18
For a Confederate home for women, it's finally Appomattox A10
Bass P.L.C. to acquire Holiday Inn D1
WASHINGTON TALK A11
Soviet legislators test Congressional waters  Critics say budget chief now deplores policies he created  REGIONAL B1-4  A black youth was shot to death in Brooklyn when attacked by a group of white teen-agers. The police said the whites were waiting for black or Hispanic youths believed to be dating a neighborhood girl. A1
New York's mayoral candidates deplored the slaying of a black teen-ager in Brooklyn and said the incident should not be exploited for political purposes. B2
Sorrow and rage for neighbors of black youth slain in Brooklyn B2
Mayor Koch says he has been buoyed by the response to his message thus far in the New York mayoral campaign. He says the race for the DemoDemocratic nomination is now between David Dinkins and himself, but adds, ''I'm No. 2.'' B1
Lauder once said he would be the first Jewish President B1
Giuliani's campaign begins television commercials B4
Schools chancellor hunt pauses until after the primaries B3
Levels of asbestos fibers in the Gramercy Park area of Manhattan will be measured by environmental officials amid suspicions that the source fibers was a steam pipe explosion on Saturday. B1
Leona Helmsley's closing argument was made with her lawyer imploring the jury to end Mrs. Helmsley's ''terrible suffering'' and ''let her walk out of this courtroom a free woman.'' B3
The Black Rock Forest in Cornwall, N.Y., now owned by Harvard University, will be sold to a private foundation that will lease it to a consortium of 15 scientific and educational institutions. B1
Search for bodies will switch to Bronx playground B3<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A brief article last Sunday about Latitudes, a travel agency, described the location of its Manhattan office imprecisely. The office, at 457 Madison Avenue, is in the New York Palace Hotel. The hotel is no longer known as the Helmsley Palace. Because of a production error, the company's logo appeared with the final ''s'' omitted.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The Worthen Banking Corporation, Arkansas's second-biggest banking company, said yesterday that it was considering "strategic alternatives" that could include selling the company. Worthen, which has $3.5 billion in assets and 112 offices, said it was "engaged in a comprehensive evaluation"of its alternatives, including remaining independent. It said it had hired Paine Webber Inc. as an adviser in considering those alternatives. The company declined further comment. Worthen's shares closed up $1.125 yesterday, at its 52-week high of $30.25, on the New York Stock Exchange. Worthen's announcement comes less than a month after the company, based in Little Rock, hired a new president and chief executive, Jim G. Farmer. He assumed the titles from Curt Bradbury, now chairman of the holding company.
COMPANY NEWS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A three-way dispute between the Administration, the Senate and the House of Representatives over a ban on imports from foreign companies that sell chemical and biological weapons has stalled a $5 billion authorization bill for the State Department.
Supporters of the ban, which passed the Senate, contend that it is the only way to restrict the proliferation of poison gas and other chemical and biological weapons, especially in the Middle East. They say it could affect imports totaling $500 million a year.
But the Administration objects, on the ground that the ban would limit the President's flexibility in dealing with foreign policy and national security issues.
"We wanted language that left the ultimate decision to the President," said Janet G. Mullins, Assistant Secretary of State for legislative affairs.
And House leaders objected on procedural grounds, contending that since the measure would affect revenues, it should have originated in the House Ways and Means Committee. Traditionally, the tax-writing panel has opposed sanctions as harmful to both business and consumers, and as likely to ignite trade wars.
The House-Senate conferees, who broke up early this morning after midnight, will return in 10 days in search of a compromise. The overall bill provides for diplomatic posts in the Baltic states, the creation of a Radio Free China and restraint on sales of ballistic missiles in the Middle East.
President Bush vetoed an omnibus export control bill in November because it included sanctions on companies that sold chemical and biological weapons. He invoked the coalition against President Saddam Hussein of Iraq as a reason for his veto.
"The mandatory imposition of unilateral sanctions as provided in this bill would harm U.S. economic interests and provoke friendly countries who are essential to our efforts to resist Iraqi aggression," the President said.
The President then issued an executive order that gave him the authority to impose such a ban, but has never invoked that authority.
The import ban, which would last at least one year, is aimed especially at companies that sell chemical and biological weapons in the Middle East.
"Unless we truly threaten these foreign companies with loss of the rich U.S. market, they will just go back to building up Saddam's arsenal as soon as the heat is off," Senator Jesse Helms, North Carolina Republican, a chief sponsor of the measure, said in a statement early this morning.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Will the new era be dominated by regional alliances and economic pacts or by a renewal of global and multilateral institutions? The 1990's are shaping up as a struggle between these rival international orders. So far, regional relationships -- in Europe, North America and elsewhere -- have the upper hand. The emerging world order looks like an old house: new rooms, windows and doors have been added, but the foundation, plumbing and wiring remain in dangerous disrepair.
There is a need to make regional economic experiments complement, not compete, with multilateralism. This requires agreement among the major nations about a blueprint of a new world order.
Most creative foreign policy in recent years has been directed at regional economic integration, particularly in Europe, North America and Asia. These efforts need not compete with the larger global order. Most studies of European and North American integration conclude that it will create more trade than it diverts. Nor are regional agreements necessarily incompatible with the global regime of GATT: Pulling down internal walls without raising external ones is good for the world economy.
The real danger of regionalism lies elsewhere. Regionalism is difficult to shield from domestic and trans-national political pressures and disputes. The European Community's hard line against Japanese imports suggests how regionalism deepens fault lines. European and North American regionalism also diverts attention from GATT and other multilateral institutions. The "promise" of European unity and the North American free-trade agreement has reduced the political costs should the current round of multilateral trade negotiations fail. In this real sense, regional and global institutions compete.
The task is to fold regional experiments into global institutional reform. Key will be the relationship among the industrial democracies -- the Group of Seven. Some suggest a Group of Seven declaration on the limits and responsibilities of "good regionalism." This would ease fears in Asia and elsewhere about the ultimate aims of recent regional agreements. It would also push the Group of Seven countries to use their next summit to discuss the basic structure of world order. Helmut Kohl and John Major are not Bismarck and Palmerston, and President-elect Bill Clinton certainly has none of the pretensions of Woodrow Wilson, but these leaders must be strongly encouraged to be global architects.
The Group of Seven should also focus on its own inadequate process. The annual summit meetings of heads of state are overly formal, scripted events that produce little more than bland official communiques. Experts -- nicknamed "sherpas" -- do the real work in the months leading up to the meetings. Coordination must be strengthened by turning the summits into informal discussions, while formalizing meetings of ministers and experts.
Global institutional reform must also extend to traditional multilateral organizations -- the United Nations, International Monetary Fund and World Bank. Without a new mission, they look increasingly like relics. Security Council seats for Japan and Germany are inevitable. Negotiations over this issue should be broadened into an effort to make the U.N. more relevant in international disputes. The 50th anniversary of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank in 1994 and of the U.N. in 1995 will be moments of symbolic opportunity. American officials need to articulate a vision of how these global institutions serve our interests and strategy for shaping the emerging order.
Recession and election-year politics have inevitably obscured the big issues of foreign policy. After World War II, Americans were more worried about the economy than in building a new international order. Stalin provided the jolt to the West for united action. Today there is no such stimulus. Leadership and vision will have to make the difference if we are to put our global house in order.
G. John Ikenberry, a senior associate at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, is author of the forthcoming book, "Moments of Creation: The Rebuilding of International Order, 1815, 1919, 1945 and 1990."<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>An exiled East Timorese independence activist who shares this year's Nobel Peace Prize with a Roman Catholic Bishop from East Timor fears his co-laureate may be prevented from traveling to Oslo to accept the award on Dec. 10, or barred from returning to Indonesia if he makes the trip.
The exile, Jose Ramos-Horta, said in an interview in New York that he was asking American and European Union officials to use their influence with President Suharto of Indonesia to insure that the co-winner, Bishop Carlos Ximenes Belo, would be allowed to travel freely. The Indonesian Government has made no statement about a trip by the Bishop.
Indonesia annexed East Timor in the mid-1970's after Portugual abandoned the area, but the annexation has never been recognized by the United Nations. Under Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali, it has been holding talks between Portugal and Indonesia in the hope of finding some autonomy formula acceptable to both sides.
Mr. Ramos-Horta, a member of the Fretilin independence movement, fled East Timor in 1974 and now lives in Australia. He said he would call for an end to all violence in East Timor, where a low-level insurgency still simmers, if Indonesia would withdraw its large military presence and release the prisoners it holds.
Indonesia officials and diplomats will not meet Mr. Ramos-Horta, saying he is in self-imposed exile and no longer a factor in East Timor.
Mr. Ramos-Horta said a political pause in East Timor -- he recommends a five-year period of limited autonomy followed by a popular vote on future steps -- would hurt Indonesia and its international image less than continued military control of the territory.
Over the years, radical governments have offered the East Timorese help, most recently Libya, Mr. Ramos-Horta said. He said he had been invited personally to meet with Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi, the Libyan leader, but had refused.
Last week, when Bishop Belo was in Jakarta for a meeting of Indonesian Catholic leaders, there were demonstrations against him, prompting anti-Indonesian demonstrations by students in Dili, the capital of East Timor.
Mr. Ramos-Horta said he urged East Timorese friends not to resort to violence lest it give President Suharto a pretext for preventing Bishop Belo from traveling to Oslo.
Indonesian pressure, or fear of offending Mr. Suharto, has caused three Southeast Asian nations -- Malaysia, the Philippines and Thailand -- to bar or curtail gatherings to discuss or protest against the Indonesian presence in East Timor.
In Dili on Saturday, Bishop Belo asked East Timorese to halt their protests. Mr. Ramos-Horta, unlike his co-laureate, says he is not against peaceful protests in East Timor.
''Bishop Belo is such a peaceful man that he doesn't want demonstrations,'' Mr. Ramos-Horta said. ''For me, demonstrations are all we have to express our feelings.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>THE season's most highly anticipated architectural event in New York will arrive on Nov. 11, with the unveiling of Kazuyo Sejima's design for the new New Museum of Contemporary Art. At 45, Ms. Sejima has already acquired the status of a legend. Formerly associated with Toyo Ito, she made her international debut three years ago with a project designed for the Japan Pavilion at the Venice architecture biennale. ''City of Girls'' was a meditation on the lifestyle of Japanese teenagers and featured rows of plastic daisies sprouting from beds of white pebbles. Sejima's design for the new building, to be located on the Bowery, will be presented at the New Museum (583 Broadway) along with an exhibition of other work by her firm, Kazuyo Sejima & Ryue Nishizawa/Sanaa.
Will good architecture ruin Miami Beach? That's the sizzling question sparked by Aqua at Allison Island, the resort's newest planned residential community. Miami is now enjoying one of those blessed spells when the tackiest buildings contribute to an overall impression of throbbing vitality. Why, with building at a standstill in most parts of the country, is the Miami skyline still astir with swiveling cranes?
Conceived by the dynamic real-estate developer Craig Robins, Aqua is an urban hybrid: contemporary architecture set within a New Urbanist master plan. The development's first three buildings, due for completion in mid-November, have been christened with the names of their architects: the (Laurinda) Spear, the (Walter) Chatham and the (Alexander) Gorlin. All stars, all the time. The completion ceremony is on Nov. 6.
Designed by Winka Dubbeldam, 497 Greenwich Street has been a major destination for New York sidewalk superintendents for the last year. A new residential loft building, combined with a renovated industrial building next door, it features a shimmering glass facade that cascades 11 floors to the sidewalk in a series of gently curving folds. Dutch balconies, too, of concrete, wood and steel. The completion date is Nov. 12.
Oh, I almost forgot! Walt Disney Concert Hall in Los Angeles! A downtown is reborn. Think of Judy Garland in that classic image with her face framed by splayed hands. That's the gesture echoed by this radiant building's upward thrust. The opening concert is Oct. 23.
THE NEW SEASON/ARCHITECTURE<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To The Home Section:
In regard to "Flea Market in Zoning Peril" (June 15), my wife and I in the past six years of retirement enjoy going to this market. But the vendors do not give "paid" invoices and avoid taxes!
We purchased a sketch because we liked it, not knowing it was created by a "master." Only recently, in a library, did we discover a copy of the sketch in an art book. Missing since 1926 (sketched in 1893), the piece cannot be insured, appraised or perhaps even sold. We must show legal possession, and we found out this is no easy matter. It is now in storage. JACK A. GASNICK New York<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>For months, local residents say, the group of 15 Arab and Central Asian fighters lived quietly in a two-story house here, among the hundreds of guerrillas who had turned this wooded vale near the Russian border into a burgeoning center of Islamic militancy.
Like many of those who gathered here, the fighters had come over the snowy passes from Chechnya, where they had been helping their fellow Muslims in their struggle to break with the Russian republic. They exercised to stay in shape and went into the woods to practice shooting. Some of the militants departed, presumably for Russia, while new ones came to prepare for the fight.
Then, one night last fall, according to local residents, the group of Arabs and Central Asians packed up and left. Over the next several months, villagers and Georgian officials said, hundreds of other fighters followed, never to return.
''One morning, I got up, and they were gone,'' said Valodya Tskhovrebov, a farmer who lived near the Arab fighters. ''They were nice guys. They didn't drink or smoke.''
The departure of the Islamic fighters from this gorge in the Caucasus Mountains appears to represent an uncertain victory for the Bush administration, which last year asserted that the area had become a center of activity by Al Qaeda. To help Georgia confront the threat, the administration dispatched a team of Green Berets last year to provide military training to the country's troops.
Since last August, when Georgian forces began an operation to clear the gorge, senior Georgian leaders and Western diplomats here say the number of guerrillas in the gorge has dropped to fewer than 50 from about 700. The passage of militants across the mountains into Chechnya has largely ceased for the moment, according to Western diplomats and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, which has dispatched observers to watch the border.
Georgian officials say they detained more than 30 militants from the gorge, most of them Arabs or Chechens. They were deported, the officials said, to countries ranging from Russia to France and Japan, where officials say they detained a Japanese citizen helping the guerrillas.
A senior Georgian official said his government had also turned over 13 Arab fighters to the United States government last fall. The Arabs had been found in the gorge and were suspected of being involved in the Chechen campaign. It is unclear what the Americans did with them.
''We just handed them over,'' the Georgian official said.
Officials at the American Embassy in Tbilisi, Georgia's capital, declined to comment on the reported deportations. Since the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on New York and Washington, the Bush administration has taken into custody hundreds of foreign citizens suspected of terrorism and held them without charges or access to legal representation. The administration has refused to release the names of those arrested, considering them enemy combatants.
What happened to the hundreds of other fighters who left the Pankisi Gorge remains a mystery that casts doubt on the ultimate success of the operation to sweep the area of Islamic militants. Villagers said that most of the fighters were Chechen, and that once it became clear they were no longer welcome in Georgia, they headed back toward Russia. Some of the fighters, they said, were killed by Russian soldiers as they crossed the mountains.
Indeed, the American-backed effort to clear the gorge of terrorists appears to have become a de facto campaign against the Chechen nationalist movement as well, thereby entangling the United States in the region's politics to a greater extent than before. By most accounts here, the overwhelming majority of the fighters in the gorge were Chechens, and while they were intensely religious, they were dedicated to striking at Russian, not Western, targets.
For months, President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia had threatened to send his country's forces into Georgia against the Chechen rebels he said were taking shelter in the Pankisi Gorge. Georgian officials, fearing a Russian attack, turned to the United States for help last year.
Georgian officials say Mr. Putin was furious over their decision to invite American military trainers into a country that he regards as falling within Russia's sphere of influence. But for now, the threat of invasion seems to have ebbed.
Yet while the operation appears to have succeeded in apprehending several individuals with possible links to Al Qaeda, it also appears to have killed many Chechen guerrillas, and thereby to have embittered Chechens who looked to the United States for sympathy in what they considered a legitimate revolt against a repressive government.
One Chechen refugee, Acima Imadiova, who lives in a dilapidated community center in the gorge, approached an American visitor, wearing a bitter smile. ''Tell Mr. Bush to stop the war in Chechnya,'' she said. ''Ask him why he is paddling in the same boat with Putin.''
The first Chechen guerrillas began arriving here in 1999, as the second Chechen war got under way. The gorge, a lush river valley about 25 miles from the Russian border, was already home to several thousand ethnic Chechens known as the Kist, whose ancestors had migrated to predominantly Christian Georgia a century ago.
By all appearances, the gorge was a perfect sanctuary for the fighters to rest and regroup. Grozny was but two days away by foot, through one of the innumerable passes that lead to Russia. Before long, as many as 6,000 Chechen refugees had arrived, along with as many as 1,500 fighters.
Georgian officials say that by late last summer, the Pankisi Gorge was, in effect, Chechen territory, a place where Georgian forces ventured at their peril.
''We didn't dare come into the gorge,'' said Nika Laliashvili, a senior official with Georgia's Ministry for State Security. ''The Chechens controlled it.''
In August, under pressure from both the Americans and the Russians, Georgian officials decided to sweep the gorge of the militants. But instead of mounting a large-scale invasion, the Georgians took a more subtle approach. Officials met with village elders and told them the militants could no longer stay.
''We did not want to have a confrontation,'' said David Bakradze of Georgia's National Security Council. ''We said, 'If you won't go, then we'll kick you out.' ''
The Georgians say they did not use the battalions trained by the Green Berets, but those units did stage a military exercise outside the gorge shortly before the operation began.
Georgian officials declined to speak in detail about the level of resistance they encountered when they entered the gorge. But they offered one example of where, they said, Georgian forces had proved effective. Last fall, they said, they forced a group of about 30 mostly Chechen fighters back across the border. The group, they said, walked right into a force of Russian soldiers, who killed many of them.
At the same time, Georgian officials described an incident in which an Arab fighter with apparent links to Al Qaeda might have been allowed to get away. Georgian officials said they believed that the man, Abu Hafsi, had been running financial operations in the gorge and had supervised the building of a military hospital there. He slipped away, presumably to Chechnya, officials said.
In the Pankisi Gorge, local residents largely confirmed the government's account. Zhora Shavlokhov, headmaster of the Dumasturi Elementary School, said the 30 fighters arrived about 18 months ago and occupied the school. Mr. Shavlokhov said he did not much like the men, but they carried guns and brooked no arguments.
Mr. Shavlokhov said the fighters were an odd mix: doctors, lawyers, criminals and drug addicts. Indeed, the detritus left behind filled out the details of the headmaster's story: a makeshift exercise bar was still suspended between two trees, and used hypodermic needles and empty vials lay scattered about the yard.
''The Russians killed them at the border,'' he said.
A Western diplomat in Tbilisi said his government was not upset with the way the Georgians chose to move most of the militants out of the gorge. As long as the militants left the gorge -- the only inhabitable area along the Russian border -- then his government was satisfied, he said.
The diplomat expressed frustration, however, that Georgian leaders were not more aggressive with the 50-odd militants still in the gorge.
Chechen refugees here express a different kind of frustration. Their camps are full of families who braved snowy mountains and Russian guns in their flight from their homes, and they ask why the outside world, and particularly the American government, seems more concerned with Al Qaeda than with aggrieved civilians.
''Bush would do anything to have Russia in his coalition,'' said Baslan Gidiev, who walked across the mountains three years ago.
Even so, they say they, too, are happy that the militants of the Pankisi Gorge have left.
''We admire them, and we think they are brave,'' said Ruslan Nalayev, who also left Chechnya three years ago. ''But when they are here, they bring great danger. We're glad they are gone.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>With a cease-fire bringing calm to this rocket-riddled town, residents began emerging from bomb shelters on Monday. Traffic lights were turned on. A few cafes opened. And Freddy Misika was in his bright orange Lotto kiosk on the main street, promising winning tickets for all, just as he had done throughout the fighting.
Unlike the Lebanese, who headed back to their homes in the south in large numbers, the displaced residents of northern Israel appeared more circumspect about the sturdiness of the cease-fire between Israel and Hezbollah, and the returnees amounted to only a trickle.
But those who had weathered the Hezbollah rocket barrage in bomb shelters here were more visible on the streets, injecting at least a bit of life into places that had become virtual ghost towns.
On Kiryat Shmona's central thoroughfare, Route 90, soldiers and civilians shared tables at sidewalk cafes. At the town hall, the phone rang constantly as residents sought guidance on whether to return.
''People are confused; they don't know what they should do,'' said a town spokeswoman, Susan Peretz, a Jersey City native who moved here 25 years ago. ''We told them: 'Please, wait a day or two if you can. There are a lot of services we can't supply.' ''
Then there was Mr. Misika, 68, who never missed a day at his Lotto kiosk, aside from Saturdays, when almost everything shuts down for the Jewish Sabbath.
''I was here from 8 in the morning until the evening, even when the rockets were falling,'' Mr. Misika said. Business was down sharply, but he pulled out a pile of receipts from winning tickets, some for 10,000 shekels, which is more than $2,000.
''That's just good luck,'' he said.
Hezbollah has fired some 4,000 rockets at northern Israel since fighting began on July 12, and its favorite target was Kiryat Shmona, where about 1,000 came crashing down. One dug out a chunk of pavement just 20 yards from Mr. Misika's kiosk, shattering windows all around.
Fortunately, it fell on a Saturday, when he was not there. That, too, was luck, he said.
Asked if he believed in bad luck, Mr. Misika acknowledged that his wife and one of his sons were injured by a rocket 20 years ago, and that his home was damaged by another one six years back.
Still, he said, he did not have a bomb shelter at home, and neither he nor his wife gave any thought to leaving. ''I'm working and bringing home money, so she's happy,'' Mr. Misika said.
An estimated 7,000 of Kiryat Shmona's 24,000 residents remained in the town, and most of those wanted to leave, but could not afford to do so, according to Mayor Haim Barbibai.
As the cease-fire took effect at 8 a.m., hundreds of residents gathered at points around Kiryat Shmona and other northern towns for a one-week vacation in cities farther south, where life had not been disrupted. The Jewish Agency for Israel, a quasi-governmental group that works on immigration issues, is paying for the trips.
''We live in a third-floor apartment and have been constantly running down to the shelter,'' said Anna Bitman, 59, who was heading to Jerusalem with her husband. ''Whenever I'm cooking or we're eating, the sirens seem to go off.''
Kiryat Shmona, the largest town in Israel's northeastern panhandle, has been the preferred target for Hezbollah rockets for more than two decades, and before that it was often hit from Lebanon by the exiled Palestine Liberation Organization.
The town and its residents are well practiced in responding to attacks, though the barrage over the past month is by far the heaviest in the nearly four decades since they began.
Some who stayed here said it was by choice, a personal statement of defiance directed at Hezbollah.
''I'm very disappointed that our army didn't continue fighting in Lebanon,'' said Shlomo Hayoun, 51, a municipal worker who said he ate most days at one of the town's few open cafes. ''I hope the cease-fire doesn't hold because we have unfinished business with Hezbollah.''
HOSTILITIES IN THE MIDEAST: KIRYAT SHMONA<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: The Bankers Trust New York Corporation priced $200 million in 9 1/2 percent subordinated notes due 2000 yesterday through underwriters led by Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc.
The Bankers Trust New York Corporation priced $200 million in 9 1/2 percent subordinated notes due 2000 yesterday through underwriters led by Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc.
The noncallable notes are priced at 99.397 to yield 9.595 percent, or about 115 basis points more than Treasury securities with a similar maturity. A basis point is one-hundredth of a percentage point.
Underwriters said the notes were rated A-2 by Moody's Investors Service and AA- by Standard & Poor's.
Shearson was also the lead underwriter for another Bankers Trust offering earlier this week, a $240 million issue of money market preferred stock that was divided into four series.
The initial dividend rates included 6.55 percent, 6.60 percent, 6.625 percent and 6.65 percent. Dividend rate adjustments will be through a Dutch auction process every 49 days.
FINANCE/NEW ISSUES<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3*Devcon International Corp.
Qtr to Sept 30
1992
1991
Revenue
18,829,000
19,505,000
Net inc
57,000
b805,000
Share earns
.01
.18
9mo rev
58,827,000
71,837,000
Net inc
1,631,000
b6,365,000
Share earns
.36
1.40
Shares outst
4,490,000
4,547,000
b-After a loss from discontinued operations of $ 272,000 for the quarter and $ 683,000 for the 9 months.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Opposition party members are being terrorized and beaten by agents of the Muslim-dominated Government in a campaign of intimidation that further erodes any pretense of fairness in the coming local and parliamentary elections, according to opposition leaders, senior NATO officers and international monitors.
Reeling under the offensive of detentions, interrogations, public assaults on party supporters and attacks on political rallies, opposition leaders in some towns say it has become nearly impossible to organize or conduct a campaign for the Sept. 14 elections.
''Everyone I know who supports our party has been called into the secret police headquarters for long interrogations, some of them repeatedly,'' said an opposition-party organizer in a conversation at his home in Bihac. ''Sometimes the police just ask about how the party is organized, but often they are beaten too.''
In a coffee shop in the town of Cazin, with his back to the wall and his eyes constantly scanning the surroundings, another organizer said: ''The worst times are when they call and threaten my family. My wife and I know that they can do anything they want with impunity.''
Opposition leaders in several towns in Muslim-controlled regions said their supporters were afraid to even discuss politics openly.
NATO officers say the power behind the intimidation campaign, a  Bosnian Government intelligence organization called the Agency for Investigation and Documentation, has hundreds of agents working across Muslim-controlled areas of Bosnia, especially in the northwest, where President Alija Izetbegovic's Party of Democratic Action considers its opposition the strongest.
Opposition candidates and international agencies monitoring the fairness of the campaign say that in the northwest, there are prolonged interrogations and detentions, coupled with beatings, almost daily.
''It's a typical secret-police, night-riding operation,'' a senior officer of NATO said.
The pressure has reached the point where the former Prime Minister, Haris Silajdzic, leader of the most popular opposition party, cited intimidation as a factor in his party's impending decision on withdrawing from the campaign.
On Thursday explosive devices were detonated outside the homes of political opposition members in Cazin, a United Nations official said today. No one was injured.
Foreign diplomats and United Nations monitors say there is an obvious alliance among the secret police, local officials and local leaders of the governing party to coordinate the intimidation of opponents.
Last week, after the president and vice president of a local opposition party were arrested by the police on smuggling charges, the police in another town tried to evict the leader of the main opposition group there. At the same time, international monitors said, some workers in state-owned businesses are being told that they will be dismissed if they do not support the governing party.
Field workers at the regional headquarters of international agencies responsible for monitoring the fairness of the election said they were not able to work freely because their telephones are tapped.
These elections, provided for in the Dayton peace accords that ended the fighting between Muslims, Serbs and Croats in Bosnia, are seen by the United States as crucial to rebuilding a country that has only the barest skeleton of a political system.
When an international agency  monitoring human rights began to look into the secret police, a Western intelligence service warned it to stop.  ''They told us it would be very dangerous for our staff -- someone would get hurt,'' an official said.
''They told us all our phone calls are monitored by these people and they have infiltrated agents in our staff,'' he said. ''The more we learned about them, the more dangerous it would be for us.''
Mr. Izetbegovic's party, which is  all Muslim, contends that the best way to unify Bosnia is to maintain a very strong Muslim party that can counter the great power of Croatian and Serbian nationalist parties that  want to partition the country.
He and Mr. Silajdzic worked together until Mr. Silajdzic resigned as Prime Minister to found his Party of Bosnia and Herzegovina. Mr. Silajdzic says the only way to prevent partition is with a party like his, which he says tries to include Serbs and Croats.
The general secretary of Mr. Izetbegovic's party said that the agency was only supposed to collect information on war criminals and that any intimidation was being conducted by renegades. ''We have warned them to stop, if they are doing this,'' said Ismet Grbo, the general secretary. ''We are a party founded on ethical principles.''
A far more chilling explanation was given by a senior party official in Bihac. Adnan Alagic said party leaders considered all opponents to be enemies of the state and therefore considered it the Government's duty to investigate them. ''Our opponents, even the Muslims, know that by working against us they can harm the Muslim people,'' he said.
Then, in an expression of the intertwining of the state, the party and the Muslim people that has become increasingly common among some leaders in Bosnia, Mr. Alagic said:  ''We know these opponents are garbage and enemies of the people. They are only agents of the international community, which wants to destroy us.''
He added that all international agencies in Bosnia were filled with spies and therefore must also be closely watched.
Mr. Alagic, who spoke with moderation on other topics, seemed to reflect the thoughts of many other Bosnian Muslims who feel that the goal of the West is to partition the country, and that elections are intended to weaken the governing party's ability to prevent this.
''To have a unified Bosnia, we must have a strong S.D.A.,'' he said, referring to the governing party. ''Anyone who opposes this is a traitor.''
It would be difficult to apply the word ''traitor'' to the regional head of Mr. Silajdzic's party, Sead Toromanovic. He was wounded three times as the commander of a Bosnian brigade that defended the region.  Even so, he said his party had lost so many supporters locally that it could barely function.
''When the police interrogate us, they say we are enemies of Bosnia and we must be destroyed,'' he said.
In one of the region's other main towns, Sanski Most, the head of the same opposition party said he spent six months in a Serbian concentration camp at the start of the war.
''I thought those of us in the camp were suffering because of our dream of a multiethnic Bosnia,'' said Rifet Bahdic, 47, a psychologist. ''But now I am the enemy of a ruling party which only wants to be a party for hard-line Muslims.''
NATO officers and United Nations police monitors in Sanski Most offered another reason that the governing party might aggressively maintain their control of the town.
They said a small group of men in the party had taken over the town government and were extorting payoffs from local businesses and skimming money from foreign reconstruction donations.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The New Yorker's move to the Conde Nast building in Times Square, planned for the summer, has ignited a feud between unlikely opponents: a prolific author and the New York Public Library.
Ved Mehta, the author of 22 books and a staff writer at The New Yorker from 1961 to 1994, has long used the library as a research site, despite his blindness; he has assistants who read to him in his private office at The New Yorker.
He was allowed to keep the office even though he was no longer an employee of the magazine (he likes to say he was ''terminated'' by Tina Brown in 1994). But he will not get office space in The New Yorker's new, smaller quarters in the Times Square building. A spokeswoman for the magazine, Perri Dorset, said that there would be room only for regular contributors to the magazine.
When Mr. Mehta heard that the library, as part of its renovation, was creating 15 private rooms for scholars, he was curious about the new spaces.
''I went to apply for an office, and the answer came back no,'' he said.
Carolina Oyama, manager of public relations for the library, said that the private rooms were  apportioned out by the Center for Scholars and Writers, a new program that has been endowed by a $15 million grant from Dorothy and Lewis Cullman. The space is open only to scholars who apply for specific study projects and is available during the course of an academic year, Ms. Oyama said.
Mr. Mehta, who is the recipient of a MacArthur grant and two Guggenheim fellowships, said last week that he had met with Paul LeClerc, the president of the New York Public Library. Mr. LeClerc, he said, was ''sympathetic,'' but the meeting had little result. Mr. Mehta said he believed that other writers of his stature had received adequate work space when they asked for it, and he had not.
Mr. Mehta said he would sue the library -- if it did not provide him with ''proper facilities'' -- for discriminating against him as a blind person.
Ms. Oyama said that the library was not acting illegally by denying Mr. Mehta a private office.
Mr. LeClerc said that there were semi-private accommodations for writers who had pending book contracts.
''And as we go through the rest of the renovation process, we will be sure to accommodate visually impaired writers,'' he said.
Mr. Mehta is unswayed in his mission.
''I've written 22 books, I was a staff writer at the New Yorker from 1961 to 1994, I've never had a sabbatical and I've worked seven days a week,'' he said. ''I don't understand the priorities of this civilization.''
ALEX KUCZYNSKI<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>HUBER-Joe, 82. Passed on January 15, 2002 in Pensacola, FL, following a brief illness. Joe lived in Long Island, NY and moved to Pensacola in 1995. A memorial service will be held at 11AM Saturday, March 2, 2002 at Fairchild Funeral Chapel, 1570 Northern Boulevard, Manhasset.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>JORDAN-Edith. Loving sister to Ivan, Quentin and Ralph, and loving sister-in-law of Mary. Beloved aunt of Brian, Cathy, David and Caroline and many dear friends. Reposing John J. Healey Funeral Home, 2977 Ocean Avenue, corner of Ave. Z, Wednesday, 7-9:30 PM and Thursday 2-5 and 7-9:30 PM. Services on Friday, 11:30 AM. For information call 718-743-1388.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Re ''The Humiliation Factor'' (column, Nov. 9):
I concur with Thomas L. Friedman's idea of empowering the Iraqis and much of the Muslim world to ward off the effects of lost dignity and humiliation. But he seems to overlook the desire or need of many people to see themselves as victims.
This sense of victimization creates a misguided sense of unity, and it permits the victims to avoid all responsibility. There is comfort and security in playing the role of victim.
Democratic institutions and personal freedom in Iraq and elsewhere demand personal and institutional responsibility. The root of this problem is not so much people's feeling of humiliation as it is the comfort they take in seeing themselves as victims.
LARRY HOFFNER  New York, Nov. 9, 2003<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Lang Lang, meet Yo-Yo.
IMG Artists, a major classical music management company, is in talks with the talent agency giant International Creative Management to acquire its classical music division, a person close to the negotiations said Wednesday.
IMG and ICM Artists have had contacts over the years, but this time the discussions were serious, the individual said, adding that the information could be relayed only on an anonymous basis because of the sensitivity of the negotiations. Several discussions had taken place at a senior level, the person said.
ICM would not comment on any such contacts, and officials of IMG did not return phone calls.
The two agencies and Columbia Artists Management are the three most prominent managers in the classical music business. Combining two of their rosters would be a significant consolidation and give IMG more influence in promoting its artists.
According to its Web site, IMG represents singers like Renee Fleming, Karita Mattila, Deborah Voigt, Rolando Villazon and Thomas Hampson; besides Lang Lang, its instrumentalists include Murray Perahia, Evgeny Kissin, Itzhak Perlman and Joshua Bell. Its orchestras include the Dallas Symphony and the Oslo Philharmonic. It also handles numerous major ensembles' tours.
ICM Artists, whose parent company is based in Los Angeles, also has a weighty list, including among its instrumentalists Yo-Yo Ma, Midori, Nadia Salerno-Sonnenberg, Wynton Marsalis, Emanuel Ax, Radu Lupu and Daniel Barenboim as a pianist. Its Web site lists the composer of the moment, Osvaldo Golijov, and conductors including James Conlon, Christoph Eschenbach and David Robertson. Its roster of singers is not quite as luminous as that of IMG, but it has more major orchestras on board, including those of Cleveland, Atlanta, Philadelphia and Pittsburgh.
The division is run by David Foster, a respected manager who left Columbia Artists and joined ICM in 1995.
Despite the important names, classical music has always been a small fraction of the business of ICM, one of the largest talent and literary agencies in the world. The company's main areas are movies, book publishing, television and popular music, categories in which it has thousands of clients. Taking 10 percent of a top opera singer's nightly fee of, say, $15,000 is extremely small potatoes compared with a $20 million payday for a major movie actor.
Spinning off the classical music business, which dates to 1976, may be a consequence of a recapitalization by International Creative Management announced last November, which raised $100 million. At the time, the company said it would use the capital for growth in its main business areas.
The person who confirmed the talks said classical music management was not an area in which the agency was looking to grow.
ICM Artists would be another big acquisition for Barrett Wissman, a Texas financier and investor who studied piano and is married to a professional cellist. Mr. Wissman bought control of IMG Artists in 2003 from International Management Group, a sports marketing giant that had made a foray into classical music.
Mr. Wissman brought an entrepreneurial spirit to the agency, establishing music festivals and setting up orchestras.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: A WEEK ago, the umpires, dissatisfied with the penalty accorded Billy Martin following his dirt-throwing tantrum, said they would scrutinize Martin's behavior and eject him from games should he argue their calls. Now the umpires themselves may be scrutinized by a group that is dissatisfied with their behavior: the players.
A WEEK ago, the umpires, dissatisfied with the penalty accorded Billy Martin following his dirt-throwing tantrum, said they would scrutinize Martin's behavior and eject him from games should he argue their calls. Now the umpires themselves may be scrutinized by a group that is dissatisfied with their behavior: the players.
''We've been getting complaints from players about umpires in increasing numbers the last 18 months to two years,'' said Donald Fehr, executive director of the Players Association. ''A lot of players have raised the question of whether or not there is something the players can and should do. One thing to do is grade and evaluate the umpires.''
If the players decide to undertake such an evaluation, it would not be the first time. Players graded umpires in the early 1970's.  ''We have been reviewing what was done then to see if it's something the players want to do now,'' Fehr said. ''The idea would be to point out where there are problems. I don't see anything wrong with evaluating the umpires. The players are evaluated every day. I would think we would release the findings publicly. There isn't much point in doing an evaluation if no one sees it.''
The National and American Leagues ask general managers and managers to grade the umpires several times a year. They do not make the results public, and if they dismiss an umpire for poor performance, something that happens rarely, they never state that as the reason.
''Everything baseball does is shrouded in secrecy,'' Fehr said.
According to the telephone calls Fehr and his aides have received, players feel that the umpires, in increasing numbers, have an arrogant attitude in their handling of games.
''The players think the umpires are more concerned with asserting their authority than with calling the game,'' Fehr said. ''Players don't know anymore what they can or can't do.''
The players are not alone in their complaints. Managers, too, have complained with increasing frequency about the umpires' attitude. Don Zimmer, the Chicago Cubs' manager, told recently of how he simply made a noise in the dugout not long ago and the home plate umpire immediately got all over him. Umpires, the managers feel, go looking for trouble, following them during arguments or daring them to come out of the dugout and argue.
''All of this detracts from the game,'' Fehr said.
Fehr also echoed a question raised by managers, players and fans about Pete Rose's encounter with Dave Pallone that resulted in a 27-day suspension and a $10,000 fine for the Cincinnati manager.
''No one knows to this day if Giamatti thinks Pallone did anything wrong or not, and if he did, whether or not there was any discipline,'' the union chief said, referring to A. Bartlett Giamatti, the National League president. ''There is something fundamentally wrong with that. If you do it on one side, you ought to be doing it on the other side.''
The leagues have always had a policy against disclosing any disciplinary action taken against umpires. In the Rose-Pallone incident, Rose contended that Pallone poked him under the eye, inciting him to push the umpire.
When he was in New York last week at the height of the controversy involving Martin and the umpires, Richie Phillips, Fehr's counterpart with the umpires' union, said umpires should be held to a higher standard than managers and players.
''An umpire should be disciplined if he commits an infraction,'' Phillips said.
The two unions never have had a terrific relationship, which is why the players would have no problem undertaking an evaluation of the umpires. Fehr said no final decision had been made on the idea, ''but we are reviewing it.'' Pagliarulo's Production
Mike Pagliarulo has had difficulty reaching his .237 career batting average this season, but it's his .891 average that more accurately reflects his value to the Yankees.
The .891 mark is Pagliarulo's ratio of runs batted in to hits, and entering the weekend series, his was the highest in the major leagues. He had collected 43 hits and driven in 40 runs. Pagliarulo's performance is not surprising. For his career, he has a .667 ratio, sixth highest among active players.
''That's not one of my goals,'' the third baseman said. ''I'd like to have more hits and more runs batted in, but I'm glad to have the ribbies I have. You don't want to change as a hitter too much to try and raise your average because if I became a slap hitter, I'm not going to be driving the ball, and that's the way I drive in runs: by driving the ball. Singles hitters don't drive in runs.''
Second to Pagliarulo this season is his teammate Jack Clark, with 37 hits and 32 r.b.i. for an .865 ratio, not far under his 1987 ratio of .883 that led the majors. Lance Parrish of Philadelphia (47 hits, 39 r.b.i.) is third in the majors and first in the National League with .830.
The active career leader is Ken Phelps of Seattle at .747. Others in the top five are Ron Kittle of Cleveland (.723), Darryl Strawberry of the Mets (.719), Mike Schmidt of Philadelphia (.714) and Steve Balboni of Seattle (.683). Hit and Miss
In the previous six seasons, Fernando Valenzuela pitched more innings, 1,595Z, than any other pitcher. Only Jack Morris, with 1,590Y, was close in innings worked. The Los Angeles Dodgers, however, do not believe Valenzuela's problems this season are a result of that heavy workload.
''Sure, he has a lot of innings and a lot of pitches,'' said Mike Scioscia, the Dodgers' catcher, ''but that's not why he has had trouble. He had a little mechanical problem.''
The mechanical problem, Ron Perranoski, the pitching coach, explained, involved the leg action in Valenzuela's pitching motion. ''We kind of smoothed out some bad habits that he had fallen into,'' Perranoski said.
Valenzuela, though, has continued pitching with mixed results. In Montreal two weeks ago, he allowed two runs and five hits in nine innings. In his next start, against Cincinnati, he was knocked out in the third inning, giving up four runs and five hits. Then last Wednesday, in a game with Houston for first place, the left-hander pitched a complete-game victory, giving up one run and six hits.
''Nobody's perfect,'' Valenzuela said, adopting a simple philosophy. ''I have bad games and good games. My arm feels strong; my arm feels fine. Last year I walked a lot of people. This year, same thing.''
Until last season, Valenzuela averaged one walk every three innings. Last season he walked one every two innings. He has continued that less effective pace this season. Given that he had a 99-68 record in his first six seasons and has had an 18-19 record the past two seasons, his control obviously is an accurate barometer of his success, or lack thereof. Boston Dry Spell
The Boston Red Sox, who have hit the fewest home runs and stranded the most runners in the American League, managed to play 20 games without being shut out. Then the Toronto Blue Jays beat them, 3-0, Friday night. Who was the Red Sox starting pitcher? Ron Sellers, of course, just as he had been the starter in three of the first six shutouts.
Steve Ellsworth, now back in the minors, was the starter in two of the other three shutouts, making the team's two youngest starters the hapless victims of six of its seven shutouts. Little wonder, then, at the disparity in records between the team's three established starters and the three pitchers who have started the other games. Roger Clemens, Bruce Hurst and Dennis (Oil Can) Boyd have a combined 21-11 record. Sellers, Ellsworth and Mike Smithson are 2-12.
Jim Rice, a major reason the Red Sox are last in home runs and first in runners left on base, as viewed by Rick Cerone, a teammate:
''He's trying to force things to happen instead of letting them happen. He's struggling to do things now that he's done his whole career. You can't force home runs. You can't force pulling the ball. That's what he's trying to do. He's a great player and every great player has to make the adjustment somewhere along the line. Sometimes the results don't come right away.''
While Rice struggles with no home runs and five extra-base hits in 177 turns at bat, Cerone, a career .229 hitter, soars with a .347 average. At one point, he was even ahead of Wade Boggs, and someone suggested to him that he frame the averages from that day.
Cerone has been platooning with Rich Gedman. In two games in New York last week, Gedman was hitless in seven times at bat. In one game, Cerone was 2 for 4. Attractive Nuisance
Keith Hernandez offers a hint on how to hit against Dwight Gooden and Clemens, but it falls into the category of easier-said-than-done.
''You have to make them get the fastball down,'' the Mets' first baseman said. ''You have to lay off the pitch that starts right below the letters. It's going to rise out of the strike zone. It's the toughest pitch to lay off. Sometimes you do and sometimes you don't. Some hitters can't lay off it. Clemens's ball explodes upstairs. When he throws it down, it's still hard, but you can see it better.''  NOTEBOOK<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Steve Yzerman had two goals and three assists, tying a Detroit record with 5  points in a playoff game, as the Red Wings crushed the St. Louis Blues, 8-3, today and took a 2-0 lead in their second-round series.
Yzerman had a goal and two assists as the Red Wings scored five goals in the  first period. Nicklas Lidstrom had two goals for the Red Wings, who are seeking  their first Stanley Cup since 1955. Vladimir Konstantinov, Darren McCarty, Martin Lapointe and Marc Bergevin also scored for Detroit. Shayne Corson, Peter  Zezel and Adam Creighton scored for the Blues.
Detroit, after a four-day layoff, had been sluggish in the first game. But the Red Wings, who won a National Hockey League-record 62 games this season, were back on their form in Game 2.
NHL PLAYOFFS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>STEINBERG--Norman, 78, of Long Island on January 8, 2004. Beloved husband of Madeline for 54 years. Father of Mitchell (Randy), Arlene Fisher (Shelly), and Gary (Debbie). Grandfather of Allison, Jason, Josh and Matt. WW II Veteran, graduate Baruch, founder of Crosstex International. Funeral at Gutterman's, Woodbury, Sunday January 11 at 1PM. We will all miss you dearly.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Faced with the news that Viacom Inc. has improved its friendly takeover offer for Paramount Communications, the rival bidder, QVC Network Inc. is considering a higher bid.
Last week, both companies had bids of roughly $9.5 billion on the table, with cash components of $4.8 billion, worth about $80 a share. But in a surprising development, Viacom raised its bid on Saturday to $85 a share in cash for 51 percent of Paramount, and the rest in stock. Viacom's new $10.1 billion offer includes $5.1 billion in cash, making it richer than QVC's.
There is pressure for QVC to respond within a week: the Delaware Chancery Court has agreed to hear QVC's arguments on Nov. 16 that Paramount must remove anti-takeover provisions put in place to block QVC's offer. QVC can argue that it is being treated unfairly only if it has made a bid at least as strong as Viacom's.
QVC and the BellSouth Corporation have been negotiating a deal in which BellSouth, a giant regional telephone company, would put up $1.5 billion to become an equity partner in QVC's bid for Paramount.
In return, BellSouth expects to become a significant shareholder in QVC and to have representation on the board. There are currently three such significant shareholders: QVC's chairman, Barry Diller; Liberty Media, and Comcast. Liberty Media is controlled by John Malone, the chief executive of Tele-Communications Inc., the nation's largest cable operator.
Mr. Diller requires a consensus from the other significant shareholders in QVC. Status of Liberty Media
Another huge regional phone company, Bell Atlantic, plans to buy both Tele-Communications and Liberty.
BellSouth would spend about $500 million to buy out part of Liberty's stake, but Liberty would still be left with 22 percent of QVC. However, Liberty might have to sell that holding, several executives noted. The Federal Trade Commission, which must give QVC antitrust clearance before the deal can proceed, on Friday requested more information from the company. Whether Mr. Malone's role in QVC might delay the deal remains a question.
Several industry analysts who have long followed both Viacom's chairman, Sumner M. Redstone, and Mr. Diller of QVC wondered how much higher the bidding for Paramount would go.
Mr. Redstone is said to be firmly committed to melding his company and Paramount. Despite the bidding, the debt-to-capital ratio of Viacom, if it bought Paramount at its current offering price, would be 45 percent, according to an investment banker involved in the deal. That is far lower than the 90 percent debt-to-capital ratio Mr. Redstone took on with his purchase of Viacom in 1987.
That venture paid off handsomely, turning a $400 million investment into a holding that is today worth $5 billion. That experience, and Mr. Redstone's competitive nature, might induce him to bid higher.  Redstone Plays With Own Money
But this time around, Mr. Redstone has far more of his own money -- a $5 billion fortune -- at risk, according to Mario Gabelli, whose company is a shareholder in both Paramount and Viacom.
Moreover, a defeat could be profitable. Paramount has promised to pay Viacom $100 million as consolation if it loses the deal, and would allow it to buy 24 million new shares at $69.14 a share. If QVC were to bid $90 a share and win, it would have to pay Viacom nearly $600 million.
As for Mr. Diller, the battle for Paramount, owner of the New York Knicks, the New York Rangers and the book publisher Simon & Schuster, is his first major takeover fight. He, too, has shown an enormous competitive appetite and has been lining up the support necessary to increase his offer.
If Mr. Diller loses the Paramount bidding to Mr. Redstone, he would still be chairman of QVC. Yet he has shown a strong inclination to go beyond the home shopping business, and many think he would soon be in search of another alliance that could expand his core business.
Allen & Company, QVC's investment banker, a firm with a long history of deals in the entertainment industry, is also eager to win. To lose a deal to Mr. Redstone would be a big disappointment to the firm, which once worked as his investment banker, a top entertainment industry executive said. The battle for Paramount is also Allen's first hostile-takeover deal, so a success would give it an important credential as a skilled player in future fights.
THE MEDIA BUSINESS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Pedestrians on Columbus Avenue near 80th Street yesterday as they enjoyed the high temperature of 43 degrees and the clear skies. Today is again expected to be pleasant, with similar temperatures. (NYT/Vic DeLucia)
Pedestrians on Columbus Avenue near 80th Street yesterday as they enjoyed the high temperature of 43 degrees and the clear skies. Today is again expected to be pleasant, with similar temperatures. (NYT/Vic DeLucia)<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: An arrest warrant was issued yesterday for the former champion, Lupe Aquino, after he failed to show at a hearing on manslaughter charges, but promoters in Detroit said he was still expected there for a title fight tonight. Municipal Court Judge Rosemary Shumsky issued the bench warrant with $100,000 bail attached after the 25-year-old Aquino missed his scheduled preliminary hearing in West Los Angeles Municipal Court.
An arrest warrant was issued yesterday for the former champion, Lupe Aquino, after he failed to show at a hearing on manslaughter charges, but promoters in Detroit said he was still expected there for a title fight tonight. Municipal Court Judge Rosemary Shumsky issued the bench warrant with $100,000 bail attached after the 25-year-old Aquino missed his scheduled preliminary hearing in West Los Angeles Municipal Court. Aquino, a native of Mexico who lives in Santa Paula, Calif., faces two counts each of vehicular manslaughter and drunken driving stemming from an Aug. 14 accident in which two passengers in the car he was driving died. Aquino faces John David Jackson of Detroit in a battle for the World Boxing Organization junior middleweight crown. (AP)  SPORTS PEOPLE: BOXING<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: * M. Shanken Communications has acquired Food Arts Magazine, a publication aimed at chefs, restauranteurs and caterers, from Food Arts Ltd. Terms were not disclosed.
* M. Shanken Communications has acquired Food Arts Magazine, a publication aimed at chefs, restauranteurs and caterers, from Food Arts Ltd. Terms were not disclosed.
THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>After 22 months of economic shock therapy, Poland's stores are bursting with goods, the once-gray cities are splashed with brightly painted new shops and the private sector is growing at a dizzying rate. Poland's cities, from Warsaw to Cracow to Gdansk, bustle with signs of economic rebirth, and local newspapers bulge with help-wanted ads.
But the tough medicine -- coupled with the collapse of trade with the Soviet Union -- has caused some severe side effects that will sorely test the resolve of the new Government emerging from this Sunday's parliamentary elections. Unemployment has topped 10 percent in a country where jobs were once guaranteed.
The state-run industries that still employ most Polish workers are faltering badly, and industry pleas for bailouts threaten to widen a gaping budget deficit. Economists say the continuing recession could drive gross national product down as much as 10 percent below the already-anemic 1990 levels.
Poland's reform program, Eastern Europe's first and boldest plan for escaping the Communist economic system, has reached a crossroads. While the nascent Polish free market is booming, its growth could be stopped short by a crucial Communist legacy: A shortage of apartments is keeping workers who lose their jobs in the dismal one-factory towns from moving into the newly prosperous urban areas.
At the same time, a debate has emerged over whether Poland should hold to its financial discipline or loosen the purse strings. A growing number of economists and political figures are calling for looser monetary policy and a more direct Government role in revamping state industries. They argue that the enemy now is recession, not inflation, and that market forces alone have failed to bring about the hoped-for changes in Communism's industrial dinosaurs. With privatization stalled, perhaps for years, they argue that only strong central management can give birth to a free market.
"We listened to the West, and we made too big a leap," President Lech Walesa said recently. Until now he has been a key supporter of reform.
Western financial institutions, which view Poland as model for the Soviet Union and other countries in the region, are urging Government officials to keep money tight and stay the course, even at the cost of more social unrest. Western advisers like the World Bank accept the need for a more vigorous government role in the state companies, but worry that the new stress on "industrial policy" could become a euphemism for keeping alive concerns with the most potent lobbies.
The question now is whether the coalition government likely to emerge from Sunday's voting will have the political will or desire to continue the hard line of the first two post-Communist cabinets.
"These are the pains of successful transformation," said Jacek Rostowski, a University of London economist who has been advising the Finance Ministry. "Poland hasn't yet turned the corner, but a bit, a very significant bit, has been turned. I think turning the corner completely will take another three years." Urgent Steps Called For
Adam Glapinski, the Housing Minister and an outspoken critic of the reform program, argues the opposite viewpoint, saying that Poland must take drastic immediate steps to stave off ecnomic free fall.
"We are now in a situation of catastrophe," Mr. Glapinski said. He is a leading member of the Center Alliance, a center-right party of former Solidarity adherents that has campaigned against the politically unpopular reform program.
Economists agree that the dismantling of Eastern Europe's centrally planned economies is proving more difficult than initially expected. All of the countries have suffered steeper-than-expected drops in gross national product. State-run industries from Czechoslovakia to Hungary to Romania are near bankruptcy and the expanding private sector is not yet large enough to take up the slack.
"The whole process of adjustment and restructuring from socialism is taking much longer than people thought," said Tomasz Telma, an economist with the consulting firm Planecon. "I would still argue we're on the road, but it is going to take longer. It may take Poland another five to seven years to get back to where it was in 1989." 2,000% Inflation
Poland began its shock therapy for the economy on Jan. 1, 1990, in the face of a hyperinflation that had topped 2,000 percent. The program, negotiated with the International Monetary Fund, was designed to choke off inflation and stimulate streamlining of the country's hopelessly inefficient command economy.
Overnight, most prices were allowed to rise to market levels. The subsidies characteristic of the Communist system for energy, transportation and other essentials were phased out. Credit was significantly tightened and state-run enterprises were put on notice that the days of easy loans were over.
Even critics acknowledge that the stabilization aspects of the program have proved successful. Inflation is down to an annual rate of about 40 percent -- higher than expected, but manageable -- and the money supply has finally been brought under control. Confidence has been restored in the zloty, which is still the only currency in Eastern Europe that can be freely exchanged inside the country for dollars or other Western money.
The number of people employed by private businesses has nearly doubled since 1989, to 2.5 million from 1.3 million, according to official statistics, and the rate of growth in private sector jobs is increasing. The Government estimates that 420,000 jobs were added in private businesses during the first half of 1991, compared with 470,000 in all of 1990.  Same Old Shoddy Goods
But the advent of world prices for most goods has failed to bring about the changes at most state-run enterprises. While some companies did develop new products or markets, many more continued producing the same old shoddy goods. The companies stayed alive by cutting production and running up debts to each other, apparently in hopes of outlasting the Government's commitment to tight monetary policies.
To some extent, the Government complied in this evasion. It has done little to improve antiquated bankruptcy courts and as a result hundreds of essentially insolvent state companies have been able to keep their doors open.
Poland has attracted comparatively little foreign investment, and its own efforts at privatization of major industries have been mired in bureaucratic and legislative wrangling. Only a handful have been sold off so far.
Disarray in the state sector was significantly worsened this year by the collapse of the Soviet market. Jeffrey Sachs, the Harvard economist who has advised Poland, says that most of its economic problems today stem from the disruption in Soviet trade.
For decades, Poland and the other Eastern European economies were tailored for trade with Moscow. As of January 1990, however, the Soviet Union and its former satellites agreed to do business in dollars and pay each other world prices. First Major Barter Deals
Chaos resulted. Poland and the other countries paid hard currency for desperately needed oil while Moscow virtually cut off imports from Eastern Europe.
In September, Poland signed its first major barter deals with the Soviet Union, trading potatoes, apples and onions for natural gas. The value of the deals, $300 million, is still only a small fraction of last year's $4 billion to $5 billion trade with Moscow.
Mr. Glapinski, the Housing Minister, said that 60 percent of state-owned companies were are now insolvent, which has in turn caused a budget crisis. Under Communism, most of the money spent by the Government was raised through taxes on "profits" of state companies. This year, receipts have been been less than half of expected levels.
Polish and international economists largely agree on this diagnosis of the economy's weaknesses, but differ sharply on the appropriate treatment. Some are calling for "reflating" the economy, essentially a short-term printing of money. This would involve granting credits to failing state enterprises, forgiving their taxes if necessary and eliminating the punitive tax that has kept wages down for the last 20 months. Mr. Glapinski said that an inflation rate of 100 to 150 percent would be acceptable during this interim period. More Incentives Urged
Critics also say the Government must create more incentives to state enterprises to modernize. Privatization of the 8,000 state-run companies, they insist, will take much longer than the Government predicts.
Grzegorz Kolodko, head of the Finance Ministry's Research Institute, argues that the shock-therapy program has been hampered by overly stringent monetary policies and lack of imagination.
"A decision to liquidate a factory of 35,000 workers?" Mr. Kolodko asked. "You can't do it. You can't say the market will do the job. We have to deal with these people."
Not everyone agrees. Mr. Rostowski, the British economist, said: "The way you deal with it is: you have three to four to five years of 50 percent unemployment in some towns, as long as it's not all over the country. When Thatcher closed coal mines, there was 50 percent unemployment in some towns for several years."
Leszek Balcerowicz, the Deputy Prime Minister and architect of the economic plan, has taken much of the blame for its unpopularity. "Balcerowicz must go" slogans are a favorite among graffiti writers and groups demanding relief.
As the parliamentary election campaign concludes Friday, it seems unclear whether Mr. Balcerowicz will be kept on by the new government, which is likely to be formed from a coalition of post-Solidarity parties. Whoever garners the top economic job will have to negotiate a 1992 agreement with the International Monetary Fund, which is unlikely to accept the inflation rates or budget deficits that would accompany the various reflation plans.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A memorial tribute to the pianist Rudolf Firkusny on Friday evening attracted an overflow crowd of friends, colleagues and admirers to Paul Recital Hall at the Juilliard School, where Mr. Firkusny taught for three decades. Some stood; others watched on closed-circuit television outside the hall.
"My father never much liked this kind of event," the pianist's son, Igor Firkusny, said from the stage, stressing the life-affirming qualities and good humor of his father, who died on July 19 at 82.
Kurt Masur, the music director of the New York Philharmonic, who performed extensively with Mr. Firkusny, expressed sadness that he could not have worked even more with this "great artist and great man." At a time when so many performers chase after the latest sensation, Mr. Masur said, Mr. Firkusny never changed: "He was always looking for truth, warmth and human meaning."
The composer Philip Glass spoke of his private friendship with Mr. Firkusny, which, evidently, never quite made its way to the stage. When he met Mr. Firkusny in the mid-80's, Mr. Glass said, the pianist commissioned a newly composed cadenza for Mozart's Piano Concerto in C minor (K. 491), which he never had an opportunity to perform.
Mr. Firkusny, who had a lively interest in contemporary musical currents, was also working on a transcription of music from Mr. Glass's opera "Satyagraha," the composer said, and a performance was to have taken place this year.
Another composer whose name arose frequently in the spoken tributes was Janacek. The concluding performance was Janacek's "In the Mists," by one of Mr. Firkusny's students, Avner Arad, a young Israeli pianist. Janacek taught the child Firkusny about life and music early in the century and proved a formative influence on his career. When it came to Janacek, said Robert T. Jones, a music critic and Janacek specialist, Mr. Firkusny was headquarters.
In addition, Joseph Kalichstein played Schubert's Allegretto in E flat (D. 946), and the Juilliard String Quartet played four numbers from Bach's "Art of Fugue."
Other speakers were Joseph W. Polisi, the president of Juilliard; Laurence E. Tucker, a vice president of Columbia Artists Management, and Robert Mann, the first violinist of the Juilliard String Quartet.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>More and more often, it seems, drugs that were widely thought to be effective against serious illnesses turn out to show little or no value when tested in large, impartial clinical trials insulated from drug company influence. The latest example is a class of drugs known as atypical antipsychotics that are commonly used to soothe agitation, delusions and aggression in people with Alzheimer's disease.
A government-sponsored study published in The New England Journal of Medicine last week found that the drugs are no more effective than placebos for most patients and carry troubling side effects, like sedation and confusion.
This was the third major study in the last year to cast doubt on the atypical antipsychotics, which were supposedly a significant advance over the first generation of antipsychotics. The earlier drugs had been enormously successful in alleviating the symptoms of schizophrenia, allowing patients to leave hospitals. But they often caused severe side effects that the newer drugs were designed to avoid.
Unfortunately, enthusiasm for the newer drugs proved misplaced. A government-sponsored study published last year found that three of the atypical antipsychotics were no better than an older, far cheaper drug for treating schizophrenia. A study sponsored by the National Health Service in Britain reported last week that schizophrenics did as well or better on the first-generation drugs.
The latest study focuses on the ''off label'' use of atypical antipsychotics to treat Alzheimer's patients for the agitation and behavioral problems that at some point afflict most of them. Their popularity for this unapproved use -- despite a label warning of dangerous side effects -- reflects the dearth of better options, and word-of-mouth promotion by company-sponsored doctors.
The new study, which tested three of the atypical antipsychotics in a group of 421 patients around the country, found them no better than a placebo. That does not mean that the drugs are useless. They may be helpful to some patients who are carefully chosen and monitored by their physicians.
These discouraging results speak mostly to the desperate need for effective new treatments for Alzheimer's, as well as the need to be wary of off-label uses that are not supported by well-conducted trials. But they also underscore the great value of impartial, government-sponsored studies that have -- three times in the past year -- punctured the myth that new and expensive brand-name drugs are necessarily superior to older and cheaper medications.
Editorial<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Salem and Bridgeton, two small county seats in southern New Jersey with a strong interest in their Swedish past and their tourism future, met in legal combat here today.
Salem and Bridgeton, two small county seats in southern New Jersey with a strong interest in their Swedish past and their tourism future, met in legal combat here today.
The prize that both wanted was the right to erect a seven-building log farmstead similar to those built by Swedish settlers in the Delaware Valley more than three centuries ago.
They wanted the homes and barns, complete with people and farm animals, both as a permanent attraction and as a local focus for the commemoration next year of the 350th anniversary of the founding of the New Sweden colony.
In a settlement approved by Judge Samuel G. DeSimone of Superior Court, Bridgeton wrested the prize from Salem, but at a cost of $50,000 in expenses that Salem had incurred in four years of planning the project.
''I'm extremely bitter,'' said William Nelson Brown of Salem, a member of a faction of the New Sweden Company's trustees who wanted the farmstead in Salem. ''Bridgeton has many tourist attractions. Salem had nothing, and we wanted so desperately to have something.'' Private Group
The New Sweden Company, a private organization of New Jerseyans of Swedish ancestry or interests, was incorporated in 1984 to pursue the commemorative project, one of several around the country.
Salem, which is close to the spot where the early Swedish colony erected Fort Elfsborg in 1643, quickly agreed to provide a site. That arranged, the company turned down an offer of a site from Bridgeton in 1985.
The only problem, said A. Thorsten Karlsson, an industrialist from Middletown in northern New Jersey and president of the New Sweden Company, was that Salem never actually came up with the promised site. Little time was left to build and furnish the buildings before King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia of Sweden were scheduled to arrive next April 14 to dedicate the farmstead.
A month ago, he said, he checked with Bridgeton and found it was still interested and had a site in its city park. He then conducted a series of board meetings in which the trustees split down the middle before they chose, in his interpretation of the voting, to move the project to Bridgeton. Series of Disputes
But each of the four votes taken over two weeks last month was disputed by the losing faction, and on Aug. 25, after Mr. Karlsson had gone to Bridgeton with a contract for the farmstead, Salem sued the New Sweden Company and Bridgeton.
Today, after three hours of negotiations among lawyers for the three parties, Judge DeSimone announced the settlement giving Bridgeton the farmstead and giving Salem $50,000 for its expenses.
The Salem Solicitor, John M. Waters Jr., said Salem was ''disappointed'' to lose the farmstead. But the town settled, he said, rather than contribute to an impasse that would have meant no farmstead anywhere and no royal visit to southern New Jersey.
But ill feelings remain. Harry Rink, a trustee who favored Salem, said the maneuvering by the Bridgeton faction was ''undemocratic.'' John C. Warner, executive director of the company and also a Salem advocate, called it ''unfriendly.''
The historian Richard H. Hulan resigned from the board, saying the decision to abandon Salem was ill advised. And Mr. Brown said he and all of the pro-Salem trustees would resign.
Salem, however, will retain one memento. The first log building to be constructed for the farmstead, though still without a roof, was placed in a central location in Salem last April. Today's settlement permits Salem to keep it -but not to expand it into a full-scale farmstead that might compete with the farmstead that Bridgeton intends to maintain as a permanent attraction.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Ciena said yesterday that it had lost $70.6 million, or 22 cents a share, during the three months ended Jan. 31, as revenue tumbled 54 percent, to $162 million from $352 million a year earlier. Ciena, one of the last telecommunications equipment suppliers to be hit by the carriers' sharp slowdown in capital spending last year, also warned that sales in the current quarter would be about $100 million, well below recent projections. Ciena's shares fell $1.60 in heavy trading yesterday, to $7.60, down more than 90 percent from their 52-week high of $84.25 a year ago.
Barnaby J. Feder (NYT)<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Despite mounting evidence that the economy is expanding at an even more sluggish pace than the tepid 1.3 percent rate in the first quarter, many credit market analysts do not expect the Federal Reserve Board to begin efforts to stimulate growth until later in the summer.
Despite mounting evidence that the economy is expanding at an even more sluggish pace than the tepid 1.3 percent rate in the first quarter, many credit market analysts do not expect the Federal Reserve Board to begin efforts to stimulate growth until later in the summer.
Even though the Federal Reserve runs the risk of tipping the economy into recession if it waits too long to act, analysts said the central bank is primarily concerned about inflation. Consequently, Fed governors will want to see additional confirmation that inflationary pressures are ebbing from the first quarter before they move to help shore up the economy, the analysts said.
Economist Sees No Action
''The Fed ought to be concerned about the economy,'' said Alan Sinai, the chief economist at the Boston Company, ''but I don't think they will do anything about it yet.''
The most recent - and for many, conclusive - signs of a significant slowdown were contained in the employment figures for May, which were released on Friday.
Some analysts saw some hints of modest strength in the report, including a marked uptick in the factory workweek, an indication that activity in the manufacturing sector may be picking up.
But the small positives were outweighed by the third straight month of weak overall employment growth. Excluding temporary census workers, nonfarm payroll employment rose by just 17,000 last month. Even more sobering, revised figures for March and April show that nonfarm employment for the three months actually fell by 34,000 jobs after the census workers hired during that period were excluded.
The analysts are particularly concerned with the slowdown in employment in the service sector, which has served as the wellspring of activity in the economy for much of the last decade.
Excluding census workers, service-sector employment has increased an average of about 65,000 jobs, said John R. Williams, a managing director at Bankers Trust, down from an average increase of 275,000 in the first two months of the year. For all of 1989, the service sector added an average of 200,000 jobs a month.
'Demands Are Waning'
''The thing that has kept us out of recession for much of the last decade has been a strong service sector,'' Mr. Williams said. ''Now, for the first time, we are seeing that those demands are waning a bit.''
Douglas Schindewolf, an economist at Smith Barney, Harris, Upham & Company, suggests in the firm's weekly credit market commentary that the slowdown in service-sector employment growth may be a ''symptom of the recently tightened credit standards for smaller businesses, which would disproportionately impact the service sector.''
With service businesses growing less rapidly and manufacturing activity remaining weak, Mr. Williams said growth in the current quarter was likely to be less than 1 percent.
Credit market participants, who thrive on signs of weakness in the economy because they usually lead to an easing in inflationary pressures, responded to the release of the employment report by sending bond yields below 8.50 percent, to their lowest levels since mid-February.
By late Friday, the Treasury's 8 3/4 percent bonds of 2020 were offered at a price to yield 8.44 percent.
With the fear of a Fed tightening all but obliterated by the employment numbers, short-term interest rates moved closer to the 8 1/4 percent rate that has been the target for the overnight rate on bank loans in the Federal funds market since mid-December.
Current Rate Levels Seen
With no significant economic reports to be released this week, interest rates are likely to trade around current levels for the near term, barring an unforeseen policy change by the Fed.
The next test is likely to come in the middle of the month, when key inflation reports will be released.
''We continue to feel that a continuation of the current sluggish pace of economic activity allows for bond yields to test the 8 percent level in the months ahead,'' Mr. Schindewolf said, ''particularly if the Fed is patient on the policy trigger.''
In the wake of last week's rally, the Treasury's 8 1/2 percent two-year notes were offered at a price to yield 8.30 percent.
The sharp drop in interest rates could well prompt a flood of corporate bond issues in coming weeks, corporate finance specialists said.
But the decline may also signal a slowdown in the issuance of ''put'' bonds, a financing vehicle favored by corporations during periods of interest rate volatility.
Put bonds allow investors to cash in the securities with the issuing company at 100 cents on the dollar at a specified time.
For issuers, offering the put option to investors means that issuers can shave 25 to 40 basis points off their borrowing costs, depending on the credit of the issuer, said Robert Schwartz, a financial market economist at Merrill Lynch.
Last month a total of $1.3 billion worth of put bonds were issued, a figure that just about matches the total issued during the first four months of the year, Mr. Schwartz said.
While put bonds are not new, investment bankers have added a wrinkle by tacking on additional put dates.
''Securities with multiple puts are very unusual,'' Mr. Schwartz said. ''And investors place much more importance on the secondary puts than the issuer does, because if the first put isn't exercised, the probability that the second or third will be increases exponentially. But the issuer, who is basically paying for the first put, doesn't really care.''
With participants looking - and expecting - further declines in interest rates, corporations may be far less interested in issuing put bonds in the weeks ahead.
''With this rally we have had in the market, there might not be so many,'' Mr. Schwartz said, ''because absolute rate levels for borrowers are very attractive.''  CREDIT MARKETS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: The Motion Picture Association of America is saying goodbye to the letter ''X.'' The M.P.A.A. will keep looking for explicit sex and excessive violence in films. But it will give such films a different rating, NC-17 - No Children Under 17 Admitted.
The Motion Picture Association of America is saying goodbye to the letter ''X.'' The M.P.A.A. will keep looking for explicit sex and excessive violence in films. But it will give such films a different rating, NC-17 - No Children Under 17 Admitted.
The change is welcome on two counts. The new label distinguishes between eroticism and sexploitation, which may still carry the pornographer's self-assigned XXX rating. And the tone of NC-17 characterizes erotic material in a way more suited to modern sensibilities.
The ratings are intended to help parents regulate which films their children see. The X served the purpose of barring children from some movies, but it also stigmatized those movies. It was clear from the start that X implied sex. Pornographers picked up and (XXX) multiplied the innuendo, creating their own index. It had nothing to do with the M.P.A.A., but X became tainted by association.
NC-17 is an effort to clarify matters. As a registered trademark, it will be protected against piracy.
One reason the M.P.A.A. created the ratings was to head off local censorship panels that might have tried to ban altogether some of Hollywood's more explicit offerings. The system provided a measure of protection for movies that might have seemed shocking when they first appeared but are far less so today. These films got X's at first, but would today rate less-restrictive R's (under 17 admitted accompanied by an adult).
X died finally because of protests from filmmakers who argued that the label was a form of censorship. It cost them bookings and money and made it more difficult to buy ad space in many papers, including this one. (The Times still refuses ads for films focusing principally on the sex act. Previously, it has declined ads for X-rated films unless those films received critical acclaim. NC-17 bears no such burden; ads for films under its label will be accepted without reservation, as long as the ads are deemed in good taste.) Goodbye to X, with its burlesqued wink, its tongue perched at the corner of its mouth. NC-17 says in a straightforward and unsalacious way: Yes, there is eroticism here, and it is best left to people 17 years old or older.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>EVELYN LAUDER has received compliments on the photographs that have embellished her Christmas cards for the last 10 years or so. "Sometimes people even notice that they are my photographs," said Mrs. Lauder, who is senior corporate vice president of the Estee Lauder cosmetics company, as she prepared to show her photographs on a grander scale.
The pictures she takes on travels abroad and during visits to her country homes in New York State and in Colorado will go on exhibition tomorrow through Sept. 19 at the Holly Solomon Gallery, 724 Fifth Avenue, near 57th Street in Manhattan. Proceeds will benefit her favorite cause: a breast cancer center operated by the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center that is to open next month at 205 East 64th Street.
Is this the start of a new career? "I don't know," she said, with a sigh. "There are just not enough hours in the day."<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Roger Clemens and David Cone aren't teammates anymore, but they share a resolve. One refuses to grow up; the other refuses to give up. Reports by Pat Jordan and Buster Olney in The Times Magazine.
Plus: A redesigned and refined Sophisticated Traveler magazine celebrates a splendor of tulips in the Netherlands and visits with a particularly winsome small creature in Madagascar.
COMING ON SUNDAY<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Dallas Green looked into Carl Everett's eyes and wondered where the fire had  gone. A baseball man for 41 years, Green knows only one way to play the game --  hard-nosed, intense, combative. He sees none of that in the player he expected to be his starting right fielder, creating one of the more frustrating subplots  of the Mets season.
Green tried to light a fire under Everett by talking to him personally, and by criticizing his work ethic and attitude publicly. Such tactics do not seem to move the outfielder, who nonetheless said he is indeed hustling.
Everett is a born-again Christian and adheres to his spiritual beliefs that  tell him not to worry about circumstances professionally, emotionally or financially. He has two scriptures written under the bill of his hat, including  one that reads in part, "All our greatness is like a flower that drops and falls."
The peace Everett carries within him explains why he has shown little reaction to Green's probing or the whispers that say he has become too soft to play in the big leagues.
"I know a lot of people think that," Everett said. "Just because someone believes in God you have to be soft. But I'm not soft and you can't intimidate me. All this stuff that's going around, it doesn't faze me because I know my Maker and I know what you pray for you get."
This was supposed to be the year that Everett, 24, evolved into an everyday outfielder and started turning his potential into production. Instead, as the Mets return home from a 4-6 West Coast trip and begin a nine-game homestand today starting with a three-game weekend series with the San Diego Padres, Everett's status with the club is in peril.
He did not appear in the three-game series with the Dodgers and is one of the players being shopped around by the general manager, Joe McIlvaine, who is looking for middle relief help.  Because he is out of options, Everett can't be  demoted to Class AAA without clearing waivers and McIlvaine doesn't want to risk losing him without getting a player in return.
Still, McIlvaine used the word "blase" to describe Everett's play this season. And it goes beyond the .171 batting average and three fielding errors. The organization perceives that Everett isn't working hard enough to improve himself, much less regain the starting job he held at the end of last season. The Mets want to see more on-the-field fire from Everett, who is personable and  a good fit in the clubhouse.
"I've talked to him about it and I just don't get much back," said Green, who dismissed any correlation between Everett's lethargic play and his religious beliefs. "He feels he works just as hard as everyone else."
Although Everett hasn't aggressively defended himself against Green's complaints, it doesn't mean he agrees with him.
"When you say something like that, it's better left unsaid," Everett said. "I don't believe it. They try to tell me about perception and that perception becomes reality. It doesn't because perception is just an opinion. That doesn't  bother me. My spiritual beliefs put me above that."
Everett remembers when Green questioned his attitude and work ethic when he didn't arrive for the start of 1995 spring training as early as the manager might have liked. Still, he was the team's starting right fielder when the season opened, only to be sent down to Norfolk to break out of a hitting slump.  When he was recalled on July 25, he hit .276 the rest of the year and finished with 12 home runs and 54 r.b.i.
Everett said his attitude and approach is no different from last year and he  isn't about to change now. "They've been proven wrong before, so I don't know why they're trying this again," he said. "Since I've failed more than I've had success this year, they think I'm not going after it. But I'm giving it my all.  They always tell us it's not what people perceive of you, it's what you perceive of yourself. For me it seems to be a different story. I try to give them true hustle. Not false hustle."
INSIDE PITCH
While outfielder RYAN THOMPSON is hitting .204 at Class AAA Buffalo, MARK CLARK, acquired from Cleveland for Thompson, is establishing himself in the Mets' starting rotation. Pitching on three days' rest, the burly right-hander threw seven scoreless innings to lead the Mets to a 3-2 victory over the Dodgers on Wednesday night. . . . JOHN FRANCO earned his eighth save, surviving two fielding errors, two hits and a walk in the ninth. Including his complete-game victory at San Francisco on May 18, Clark, a sinkerball pitcher, has allowed 3 earned runs in his last 16 innings. "I know when I throw my sinker it's going to be where I want it. And when you feel like that good things happen," said Clark, who was acquired on March 31. . . . The Mets won't call up outfielder ALEX OCHOA this weekend as speculated. Ochoa has a strained hamstring and the club liked what it saw in BUTCH HUSKEY during the Dodger series. Huskey was 2 for 11 at the plate, but took more aggressive cuts and held up defensively. . . . JASON ISRINGHAUSEN (2-5) starts tonight against FERNANDO VALENZUELA (2-2) of the Padres, who took three of four from the Mets in San Diego.
BASEBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Alan Riding's article ''Breathing Life Into Beleaguered European Theater'' $(Jan. 12$) reminded me of an experience I had while in Paris in November. I went to see a production of Stanislas Wyspianski's ''Wesele (The Wedding)'' at the Theatre des Amandiers in Nanterre. (In 1962, I had the privilege of being cast by the Polish director Erwin Axer in his production of the play for the Institute for Advanced Studies in the Theater Arts in New York.) The Paris production was a travesty. In the interminable first act, people came out in clown makeup, and one of them started to sing ''Over the Rainbow.'' Need I say more?
If Stanislas Nordey, the would-be hotshot director who perpetrated this amateurish gallimaufry, is indeed considered to be one of those who are ''breathing life'' into European theater, I can only say that the patient's prognosis is worse than I thought.
DAVID VAUGHAN  New York
EUROPEAN THEATER<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The modern orthodox community in Great Neck was shaped by Rabbi Dr. Ephraim R. Wolf. When Rabbi Wolf became the spiritual leader of the Great Neck Synagogue in 1956, the strong denominations on the peninsula were Reform and Conservative. At the time, Orthodoxy was perceived to be outmoded and declining, out of touch with modern society.
''Through his force of personality Rabbi Wolf was able to give a legitimacy to Orthodoxy that Great Neck might otherwise not have had,'' said Dale Polakoff, who in 1988 succeeded Rabbi Wolf as rabbi of the Great Neck Synagogue, a modern Orthodox congregation with more than 550 families.
''In today's Great Neck, Orthodoxy is accepted,'' Rabbi Polakoff said. ''It is part of the community. In Rabbi Wolf's early days here that wasn't at all the case.''
With his humble manner, sense of tolerance and an extraordinary ability to connect with people no matter what background they came from, Rabbi Wolf was able to bridge the gap. The community grew rapidly.
Rabbi Wolf helped establish the North Shore Hebrew Academy, a coeducational yeshiva that now has 750 students in toddler through high school on three campuses in Great Neck.
On snowy days Rabbi Wolf shoveled snow off sidewalks and drove the bus to make sure students got to school, recalled Sharon Goldwyn, a congregant who was a student at the North Shore Hebrew Academy in the late 1950's. When snow got in her boots, Rabbi Wolf went back to her home to make sure she had dry socks and shoes. She couldn't learn Torah if her feet were wet and cold, Rabbi Wolf told her.
Rabbi Wolf died of melanoma on March 6. He was 83.
Marcelle S. Fischler<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>OVERLOOKING the Sheepscot River near Wiscasset, Me., Cabin 11 sits at the bottom of a hill, a Lilliputian barn-red bungalow with a miniature screened-in porch, well-worn outdoor wicker furniture and, inside, an immaculate, much-vacuumed gold-colored shag rug. There is a small bedroom, no kitchen, and a window box on the side that, in the summer, will be filled with geraniums.
The cabin, at the Edgecomb Inn in North Edgecomb, rents for $69 a night in high season. Take it for a whole week, and the price drops to $59 a night.
If that doesn't suit, there is a 1950's contemporary house -- also in barn red -- with walls of glass on the site of an old mill in Dorset, Vt., in the Green Mountains. The property overlooks a huge pond and an exquisite waterfall, and comes with a caretaker's cottage -- and a caretaker -- for $3,300 a week.
Then there is Madison, Conn., where a five-bedroom, 1910 shingled beach house with a wraparound veranda and fireplaces rents for $13,500 for three months. On Long Beach Island on the Jersey shore, there is a two-bedroom oceanside duplex that sleeps six and rents for $710 a week.
In the Hamptons, a beachfront mansion just went for $400,000. For the summer. But don't worry -- there is still a hulking oceanfront cedar and stone house on five acres on Further Lane in Amagansett, L.I., where the maid service is "mandatory," according to the listing sheet, that can be rented for $95,000 for the summer.
According to real estate agents throughout New England, the Jersey shore and Long Island, vacation houses are renting out at breakneck pace, with a regional average of about 60 to 70 percent already rented for this summer.
The agents say the main difference between this year and last is the timing. In the harsh winter of 1993-94, vacationers did not start looking for summer rentals until March or, in some places, April. But this year, they were out in some spots by Christmas. In the Hamptons, the only place where brokers said rental prices were generally higher than last year -- by as much as 5 to 10 percent -- renters were out looking by Thanksgiving.
The renters were a determined group. "They came out much earlier and really grabbed them much more decisively," said Robinson Leech, whose real estate company handles rentals in northwest Connecticut and the southern Berkshires. Mr. Leech reported that in his area, prices were slightly lower than last year, partly because he and his fellow realtors "took a firm stand" with the owners.
"Last year, some of the owners had inflated ideas," he said, "and that's what put some of the people off; some of those owners were left without tenants."
LAST week, Mr. Leech had only a handful of rentals left -- one of them a $25,000-a-summer five-bedroom house with a pool in Lakeville, Conn., that was put on the market only three weeks ago.
"We've had a very strong season," said Doreen A. Niggles, of Allan M. Schneider Real Estate in East Hampton, echoing the comments of her fellow agents. "We didn't have the mad rush we did last year at this time because of all the snow."
"People are still trickling in," she continued, "but we're 65 to 70 percent rented. The people who are coming in now are just becoming committed; deciding whether they're going to Nantucket, whether the kids are really going to sleep-away camp for half or the whole summer. They've been figuring out their lives."
"We used to go from mid-February to June," said Dominic Gagliardi, an agent at The Prudential Zack, Realtors in Ship Bottom, N.J. "But this year, it was Christmas to the end of March -- we're just about done." So far, he said, 95 percent of the company's oceanfront rentals were gone. So are 75 to 85 percent of what he called "oceanside" rentals; that is, on the ocean side of the main road, but not right on the water. There are still a lot of houses, condos and duplexes available on the other side of the road, on the bay side, he added.
ACROSS the causeway from Ship Bottom, on Long Beach Island, Mr. Gagliardi gave two rentals as examples of the range of houses available on this part of the Jersey shore, which changes from a deserted strip of houses and closed clam bars in early spring to a bustling enclave of vacationers in July.
While almost all the houses in the posh Loveladies section of the island have already been spoken for, there are two in Surf City. A three-story waterfront stuccoed beach house at One Division Street, with a tower, several sun decks and balconies, rents for $6,500 a week and is still open for three weeks in July and two weeks in August.
A much more modest one-story yellow vinyl-sided bungalow on North Third Street -- that nevertheless comes with 10 twin beds in four bedrooms, with two baths -- goes for $850 a week.
Pat Jones, who runs the real estate company that bears her name in Madison, Conn., estimated that about 60 percent of the rentals in her area -- on the Long Island Sound about two hours from Manhattan -- have been taken.
"It may be a little lower key here than in places where the owners treat it as a serious investment," she said, laughing. "It's more casual, like, 'Well, my niece thinks she wants it for July, so maybe you can find someone for August?' Or, 'If you can find someone for June 16 to July 10, I guess that'd be okay.' "
In the office of Preferred Properties along Route 25, the main road in Center Harbor, N.H., things are far from casual: a huge chart in blue, red and black delineates the weeks of June 24 through Aug. 26. "Red is our actual bookings," explained Mike LaPierre, director of rentals. "Blue is asked weeks -- the weeks the owners or their families are using the place or the weeks they themselves have rented it out. The black lines are if another agency is representing the property."
There are 160 properties listed from top to bottom of the chart, with the weeks running on the line to the right. "Ninety-five percent of them have at least something rented," said Mr LaPierre. "Generally speaking, your monthlongs are the toughest to rent. That's where they insist on tenants staying at least a month; it's usually with condo developments because the condo association has rules and regulations."
In Center Harbor, nestled on the side of Lake Winnipesaukee in the lakes region of New Hampshire, even the most modest summer one-off-the-water "shack-cottage" was updated in the 1960's and now rents for about $650 a week, the realtor said. A new five-bedroom house on the lake can rent for as much as $2,800 a week.
"The little unheated cabin is a thing of the past here," said Mr. LaPierre.
But not in Maine. You can still find unwinterized cabins with no kitchen, no washer-dryer and no television along the coast and on the inland lakes. In Bridgton, a family named Crosby has rented out tiny cabins on Highland Lake since the 1940's.
"We used to go up to visit my grandmother," said Kimberly Kneeland, a 25-year-old art historian from New Haven. "The whole family used to trek up to Highland Lake. We're still trying to figure out how we can go back to the Country Crosby's Motel this summer. Those cabins have a bathroom, a shower stall, a small kitchen, a large screened-in porch and yard-sale furniture. It's your basic cottage. It's terrific."
MISS KNEELAND took her fiance, Luke Hirst, back to the lake last year. It was the first time she had been there in about five years.
"It was the same smell: The cabins smell like the breeze off the lake inside and there's lots of windows," she said. "There's a soft, worn quality in those little rooms; they're completely unpretentious. About half the cabins don't have TV sets -- we want one of those cabins -- and there's always a wonderful assortment of pots and pans.
"Over the years, you build a rapport with the people; they know you from year to year," she said. "Nothing changes; when you go back, you feel like you're going back to your old house, to visit your old friends."
There are similar feelings among people who rent on Nantucket Island, off the Massachusetts coast, according to realtors there, who say many of their customers are repeats.
As one agent said: "They feel comfortable in familiar surroundings; they know all the nuances of the houses; the same families have been renting houses for 15 or 20 years."
But surprisingly, realtors on the island say that there are still many houses available -- from $900 a week for a two-bedroom in town off North Liberty Street, to a 10-year-old two bedroom shingled cottage on a cliff leading down to the water for $2,000, to a grand beachfront mansion for $10,000 a week. Several said there was a misconception: that Nantucket rentals were only for millionaires.
Killen Real Estate has an antique side-by-side house next to the Wharf Rat Club on Old North Wharf that is still available for the first two weeks of August, for $2,500 a week. The double house, called the John Jay/ Constitution, overlooks Nantucket Harbor, and tenants can sit on the waterfront porch and watch the ferry steam around Brandt Point and dock across the water.
The Lydia, a one room studio/loft house only a few doors down the wharf from the John Jay, can be snagged from July 8 to July 22, for $1,700 a week.
At the Edgecomb Inn, just north of the Wiscasset Bridge and about 50 miles northeast of Portland, there are still a lot of openings for the motel's 15 miniature red lakeside cabins, which have either kitchenettes or apartment-sized refrigerators and small bedrooms.
Cabin 11 "is pretty much open for the summer," said the receptionist. "It's booked for the weekend of June 9 and 10 and for the Fourth of July weekend."
Deb Sondergaard, manager of the Edgecomb's motel and cottages, said things were just now "getting hotter."
"THE phones are definitely getting busier, and they'll be that way for the next two months," Ms. Sondergaard said, adding that she had five "long-term bookings" of longer than a week for the cabins.
"You'd be surprised," said the young manager, "but we have quite a few of the same people come back year after year" for the small cabins. "They won't have another -- they get very upset, especially some of the older people, if they can't get the exact same cabin, so they book them when they leave every summer."
Mr. Hirst, whose trip last year to Highland Lake, to exactly this kind of Maine cabin, was his first, was asked what he thought of his vacation.
His fiancee, who loves the little unwinterized cabins, was sitting next to him. He threw her a sidelong glance and answered diplomatically. "Well, it's nice," he said."You can watch the loons on the lake." He paused.
"It's quiet," he said. He paused again. "Maybe a little too quiet."
Correction:  April 16, 1995, Sunday
An article and a picture caption last Sunday about vacation homes misstated the rent for a house in Dorset, Vt. It is $3,500 a month.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
In "Mistaking a Moment for a Mandate" (Op-Ed, March 9), the pollster Stanley B. Greenberg resorted to the same type of hollow distortions that left the Democratic Party high and dry last November.
In August 1994 we unveiled our Contract With America, and my Republican colleagues and I proudly campaigned on the content of this document. Now Congress has started doing the unthinkable -- keeping its promises. We've taken steps to make government more responsive, more responsible, more accountable and more cost-efficient.
Why then would Mr. Greenberg make allegations such as: (1) Republican Congressional candidates not running on the Contract; (2) the fall elections not being of historic proportions, and (3) people being completely unhappy with their present form of government?
Addressing these point by point:
(1) I ran on the Contract, and I am very proud of it.
(2) No Republican incumbent lost at the Federal level, and for the first time in more than 40 years, the House of Representatives changed hands.
(3) Without government there is only anarchy, and I believe that Americans want a leaner, more efficient government that they feel they have some control over -- and that's what we're delivering.
Mr. Greenberg's brand of rhetoric is divisive and unproductive. At worst, he is trying to protect his own economic self-interests. What does he have at stake? Only a monthly White House retainer of $25,000. During the first 12 months of 1993, his firm took in more than $2 million in fees from President Clinton and company -- 10 times the amount that President Bush spent on polling in his first three years in office!
So if he has a problem with fulfilled Republican promises, it's only because his wallet's growing thinner while our shared American future is growing brighter. SUE KELLY  Member of Congress, 19th Dist., N.Y. Washington, March 10, 1995<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>HANNAH LOESSER was only 7 when her father, Frank Loesser, the composer and lyricist of Broadway shows like "Guys and Dolls," died, but she has vivid recollections of him constantly drawing, even in the midst of conversation. In fact, she said the other day, "I remember him drawing even more than I remember him writing music."
On Thursday, the public will have the chance to see his artistry for the first time, in conjunction with that of his daughter, Hannah, now 31, who is a full-time artist. The Williams Gallery in Princeton, N.J., is having a month-long show of their works.
No one could be more pleased than JO SULLIVAN LOESSER, the musical actress and Mr. Loesser's widow. "When he was talking to you, he was usually drawing your face, usually in ball-point pen," she said. "I call him the only ball-pointillist in the United States."
Though the drawings include many celebrities, Mrs. Loesser said she had never before exhibited them. "When Hannah was offered this show, I said, 'Maybe it would be nice if his things were shown with hers,' " she said.
It did not occur until recently to Hannah Loesser, whose work is also mainly portraits, that there were similarities between her art and her father's. "Now, I feel as if I can share something with him," she said. NADINE BROZAN<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Genes and Sexuality  Researchers say they are unable to confirm a widely publicized study linking male homosexuality to a region of one chromosome. Page A18.
Brazil on the Rebound  Three months after Latin America's biggest economy seemed to be melting down, Brazil's markets are bouncing back. Page C1.
AT&T Bids for Cable Group  In a bid to become the largest cable TV provider in the United States, AT&T offered to buy Mediaone Group for $58 billion. Page C1.
Mayor Details Budget Plan  Mayor Giuliani proposed a $35.3 billion city spending plan that emphasizes initiatives favored by the national Republican Party. Page B1.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>DOBRER-Jean. June 18, 1954August 18, 2000. Jeannie, you met the world head on with a smile, and the world couldn't help but smile back. We will miss you and love you forever and a day. Mom, Dad and Nina<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: The pervasive practice of holding back low-performing students to repeat a grade presents a curious paradox. Few educational causes get more popular applause than refusing to promote students just because they are a year older, yet few current policies have been shown to be as ineffective.
The pervasive practice of holding back low-performing students to repeat a grade presents a curious paradox. Few educational causes get more popular applause than refusing to promote students just because they are a year older, yet few current policies have been shown to be as ineffective.
''There is probably no widespread practice in education today that has been as thoroughly discredited by research,'' wrote Roy P. Doyle, a professor of education at Arizona State University, in a recent issue of the journal Phi Delta Kappan.
A result of this clash between theory and practice is a complex, emotion-laden issue that will soon find its way to the desk of New York City's new Schools Chancellor, Joseph A. Fernandez.
In 1981, New York City schools enacted a ''promotional gates'' policy, under which students in grades four and seven who failed to achieve designated scores on reading and math tests would be required to repeat those grades. Research has shown that the policy failed to help those students academically, and it is now being enforced only intermittently. Eventually, Mr. Fernandez will have to propose a new policy to the Board of Education.
In the early 1900's nearly half of all students repeated at least one grade. It was not until the 1930's, and the progressive education movement, that advancing a student to the next grade regardless of academic performance - or ''social promotion'' -became preferred.
The pendulum swung again in the back-to-basics spirit of the 1970's. Researchers estimate that at least one million of the country's 40 million primary and secondary students are retained every year at a cost of more than $4 billion annually. Nine states, most of them in the South, require students to pass standardized tests before they can be promoted.
Failure rates are highest in urban school districts and among students who are poor and members of minorities. A September 1988 report to the New York City Board of Education estimated that more than 40 percent of the city's students are over age for their grade by ninth grade.
The basic arguments for holding back students are that the threat of failure serves to motivate them and that since learning is sequential, students must master basic skills before tackling advanced ones. Retention is also said to make life easier for teachers by narrowing the range of abilities among their students.
Opponents reply that success is a better motivator than failure, and cite evidence that mastery of basic skills is not a prerequisite for dealing with higher ones. They also maintain that the range of abilities in most classrooms is already so wide that holding some students back will make little difference.
Underlying the arguments are distinctly different philosophies. Advocates of retention view promotion as something to be earned. Opponents emphasize the child's self-image and social needs. They say, too, that retention assumes that the child did not work hard enough, not that the teaching might have been inadequate.
The weight of research falls squarely on the side of those opposing retention. Summarizing the results of more than 60 studies over seven decades, the Harvard Education Letter concluded that ''most low-achieving students do progress, whether they are retained or promoted'' and that ''retained students score somewhat lower on achievement tests than similar children who have moved along to the next grade.''
That describes the results of New York City's ''gates'' program. Board officials compared the 17,000 low-performing city students who were in the fourth and seventh grades in 1981-82, and were held back, with a comparable number of similar students the previous year who were promoted.
''The kids who were held back did a little better the first year, but after that the advantage waned,'' said Robert Tobias, director of the Office of Research, Evaluation and Assessment. A few years later, he said, ''we had a higher dropout rate for kids who were held back than for those who were socially promoted.''
Some educators argue that such evidence is beside the point. In a recent letter to Education Week, James Haas, principal of the Pierson Junior High School in Kansas City, Kan., conceded that retention may not help students who are held back but that the threat of failing other students justifies the policy. ''The students who benefit most are those in the oft-forgotten middle range of ability and achievement - the majority in a typical school,'' he said.
One alternative would be to make more use of cooperative learning, in which students of various ages and abilities work in groups.
Another alternative would be to give retained students special help -not simply a rerun of the same curriculum and teaching methods under which they failed the first time. This theory was built into the ''gates'' program, but Mr. Tobias said the special attention rarely materialized.
''It makes a lot of sense to give extra teaching and counseling to at-risk students,'' he said. ''But you can also do this without flunking them in the first place.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>THE words ''elegance'' and ''recycling'' are rarely found in the same sentence. But Justin Kelly, a contractor in TriBeCa, has risen to the challenge, thanks to a client whose indoor shutters were crusted by a century's worth of paint. Mr. Kelly, 36, did not look forward to stripping the shutters and remembered that he had a couple of boxes of Victorian glass-lantern slides, small photographic plates. A second career and a dazzling special effect were born. Mr. Kelly's post-modern ''stained glass'' panels are mosaiclike color or black-and-white slides, sandwiched between plates of safety glass and framed in aluminum, architectural bronze or steel.
The shutters -- and designs for shower doors, room partitions and folding screens -- can ornament any space with a gallery of cracker-size art. Clients can choose from more than 13,000 vintage slides, with images from French churches to old bridges, or have their own images transferred by computer onto acetate. ''A this-is-your-life screen could have hundreds of pictures of every person and every place in your life,'' Mr. Kelly said. The frames' screw-tight construction makes them easy to alter, in case a loved one falls out of favor.
Prices range from about $1,200 for a nine-slide wall sconce to $14,500 for a large, four-panel folding screen; (212) 274-9010.
Currents<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A single preseason junior-college scrimmage more than five years ago may have cost Nebraska four of its nine 1991 victories and its share of the Big Eight championship.
That was the word from Nebraska yesterday after the university concluded an internal investigation into the eligibility of Cornhusker fullback OMAR SOTO, a Miamian who was dropped from the team as a precaution a day before the Cornhuskers lost to Miami in the Orange Bowl. That move came after The Palm Beach Post suggested Soto had used up his four years of collegiate eligibility the previous season.
University officials declined to discuss the findings, but The Post said it had learned that investigators had determined that Soto had in fact used up one of his four years of eligibility long before going to Nebraska as a junior-college transfer.
Although Nebraska is expected to forfeit the four games it won with Soto in the lineup last year, including two against Big Eight opponents, the decision will be up to the Big Eight. If the forfeits are ordered, Nebraska's record would go from 9-1-1 to 5-5-1 and Colorado, which shared the conference title with Nebraska, will be the sole champion.
Soto, who missed much of the season with a broken leg, played in only four games. (AP)  SPORTS PEOPLE: COLLEGE FOOTBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: In accepting his new assignment to coordinate the Federal attack on drug abuse, William J. Bennett promised today to give up a drug habit of his own: cigarette smoking.
In accepting his new assignment to coordinate the Federal attack on drug abuse, William J. Bennett promised today to give up a drug habit of his own: cigarette smoking.
''You will not have a director of national drug control policy who smokes,'' Mr. Bennett said at a news conference. Asked when he was quitting, he said, ''By the time I'm national director.''
''I've been scolded about it, and I deserve to be scolded about it,'' Mr. Bennett said. ''You won't have that problem on this issue on the job.''
The question came up earlier in the news conference, when President-elect George Bush was asked if he knew that his new drug czar was ''addicted to nicotine.'' Mr. Bush quickly referred the question to Mr. Bennett and added, ''He knows his mandate.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>WITH only three days to go until Christmas, a few suggestions may be in order.
A musical version of Dickens' ''Christmas Carol'' arrives at the Quick Center, Fairfield University, for performances today at 3 and 7 P.M. The production includes Victorian sets, songs by Kevin Rotty,  carols, dancing and illusions. The box office number is 203-254-4010.
The last Connecticut Nutcrackers of the holiday season are on parade today. The George Balanchine edition will be performed at noon at the Stamford Palace with a cast headed by dancers from both the New York City Ballet and the American Ballet Theater (203-325-4466). The Kirov Ballet production will be at the Oakdale Theater in Wallingford at 2 and 7 o'clock today (203-265-1501).
Alec Wyton leads the Chamber Singers of St. Stephen's Church in Ridgefield through a 4 o'clock program today that includes Vivaldi's ''Gloria'' and other seasonally apt pieces. There is no entrance fee, but donations will be received (203-438- 3789).
A Candlelight Festival of Lessons and Carols -- a modern evocation of a tradition dating to medieval England wherein the story of Jesus's birth is told with Biblical readings and hymns, carols and anthems -- can be heard at 4 P.M. today at South Church in New Britain.
The church's choirmaster, Richard Coffey, has chosen compositions and arrangements by nearly a dozen 20th-century composers, including Ned Rorem, Peter Warlock and George Dyson, interweaving them with narrations by members of the choir and congregation. David Westfall is the organist. A reception follows the service, and donations take the place of formal admission (860-223-7555).
Paul Halley and his two Connecticut singing groups -- the children's choir Chorus Angelicus and the adult chamber ensemble Gaudeamus -- are presenting their own contemporary take on the Festival of Lessons and Carols. The 5th annual ''Christmas Angelicus: An Evening of Music and Readings'' begins at 7 tonight  the Church of Christ Congregational in Norfolk, with the actor John McDonough offering seasonal readings.  The repertory encompasses both sacred and secular carols with additional descants composed by Mr. Halley, and Elizabeth Allyn accompanying at the organ (860-542-1542).
The Hartt School is very proud of one of its seniors: the tenor saxophonist Jimmy Greene took the silver medal at the 10th annual Thelonius Monk International Jazz Competition at the Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C. ''Right from the beginning, I could see that he was highly motivated and definitely going to be an exceptional student,'' says Jackie McLean, his teacher, ''He already has a very mature sound and concept.''
The Hartt School will also be host to the Hartford Symphony's 23d annual Young Artists Competition in April, with cash prizes totaling $2,600 distributed among instrumentalists in grades 9 through 12 who live or study in Connecticut. The top prize-winner will also earn a solo appearance with the orchestra at the Bushnell. Applicants must play a standard concerto movement from memory, the nonpianists using an accompanist other than their teacher. The number to call for other requirements and an application form is 860-246-8742.
MUSIC<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>MOTHERS aren't what they used to be. When I was a child, all mothers were huge and terrifying and agelessly old. They had voices like the Greek hero Stentor and the disciplinary habits of the Hindu goddess Kali. I had no trouble believing that they were all direct descendants of the original mother-goddess of antiquity and shared her terrible powers.
The modern moms I see waiting to pick up their children from the school bus are not at all like the mothers I remember. They seem kinder and gentler, slimmer and prettier, and alarmingly young. I'm sure my mother was never like that. I don't know why this change happened, but I suspect it has something to do with the magazines at the supermarket checkout, celebrating the virtues of eternal youth and beauty. In the past, once women became mothers they became, well, motherly, or perhaps matriarchal is a better word. But not here, not now, in the eternally youthful 21st century.
The American tradition of having Mothers' Day in May is symbolically all wrong. It confuses motherhood with springtime and happiness and sex, which, as any mother will tell you, have nothing at all to do with it. So the modern mother gets no respect and can scarcely hope for a humble visit, a potted geranium and a Mother's Day card.
Some sociologist should carry out a study of Mother's Day cards. My own unscientific survey at three different stores showed that, on her special day, a mother is very likely to be assaulted by vividly colored and badly executed flower paintings, usually roses or tulips. If she is lucky, she may get cute bunnies or ducklings, a strange hangover from Easter.
Most of these cards are designed to make up for a year of neglect, so there is a nervous, defensive tone about the messages. They lack the qualities of irony and satire found in so many other greeting cards. The adjective most frequently employed to describe mother is ''special,'' which can scarcely get you in trouble. Superlatives like ''Best Mom'' and ''Unique Mom'' appear on many cards although, grammatically speaking, only one best or unique mother in the world could qualify for this distinction.
There used to be hundreds of of songs about mothers: ''Mammy'';  ''A Boy's Best Friend Is His Mother''; ''Ma, He's Making Eyes at Me''; ''My Yiddishe Momme''; ''Your Mother Should Know.'' But mothers have almost vanished from popular music.
It's no accident that songs celebrating mother started fading out in the 50's, just when mothers were liberating themselves. The new style of motherhood was warm and permissive, and mothers everywhere embraced the do-as-you-please child rearing system of Dr. Benjamin Spock.
The policy of the old-fashioned mother was: you do as I please. Mother always knew best. She fought the good fight against the forces of chaos, represented by dirt and germs, husbands and children and cats. And she prevailed.
Fathers and sons were a constant challenge to her orderly regime. In particular, she disapproved of their tendency to drift away. The whole nature of motherhood was to stay, to anchor the family and keep it safe. Mothers were fixed in place, almost paralyzed by their enormous responsibilities. Men have this idiotic desire to rush off, to migrate or to explore or to conquer something; -- it doesn't matter what. The only thing that saves the world from total chaos is that mothers can sometimes persuade their boys to stay home and behave.
If mothers had had their way, the great migrations of history would never have happened. The Huns would still be happily herding their goats out in central Asia, the Visigoths would be eating sausages in Germany, and the Roman Empire would consist of a few suburban developments on the west coast of Italy. If mothers had been in charge, America would never have been discovered. You can imagine Columbus's mother grabbing him by the ruff as he headed out to where the Santa Maria was parked.
''Come back here, Christopher,'' she would have said. ''The goat needs milking, and we have 200 pounds of olives to stuff. So just forget that nonsense about finding the Indies.''
But the most important role of mother is to instill in her children a general, all-purpose sense of guilt. Guilt, as Freud revealed, is the cement that holds civilization together, and we owe it all to mother. That's an enormous debt. As you deliver your bunch of tulips and sentimental card this morning, don't forget to feel guilty about it.
OUT OF ORDER E-mail address: liorder@nytimes.com<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>MACGREGOR - John. The Blue Hill Troupe, Ltd. is deeply saddened by the death of our colleague and dear friend on July 25. A devoted member of the Troupe since 1954 and President in 1976, John graced our productions with his sets, costumes, props and graphics, he served on innumerable committees and he will be gratefully remembered by Troupers to whom he was an unselfish and encouraging mentor. We miss him a lot. The BHT Board<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>EVERYONE was saying that horse racing needed Smarty Jones to close the deal Saturday -- that he needed to culminate weeks of hype and interest by winning the Belmont Stakes and becoming the first Triple Crown winner in 26 years.
But racing didn't need history. It can be proud of exactly what happened Saturday.
For a skeptic like me, who lumps racing with boxing and professional wrestling among sports with dubious results, the Belmont was horse racing's finest hour. The field could have laid down and allowed Smarty Jones to manufacture history. No one really wanted to beat this horse, and the expressions of ambivalence by the winners were extraordinary.
''It's bittersweet,'' Marylou Whitney, Birdstone's owner, said after the race. ''We were rooting for Smarty. We love Smarty. I think Smarty Jones has done more for the racing community and people who love horses.''
Birdstone's jockey, Edgar Prado, who rode a masterly race, was apologetic, too.
Immediately afterward, he pulled over, tapped Smarty Jones's jockey, Stewart Elliott, on the shoulder and said, ''I am so sorry.''
What was most impressive, and the reason this was racing's greatest day, was what Prado said about friendship: put it aside, even in the face of fan popularity and an entire industry's wishes, and compete.
Prado said he felt bad for Smarty Jones's connections, but ''I had to do my job.''
''That's what I get paid for,'' he said. ''Elliott is a good friend, a good person and a good rider. This is part of the business. I'm just sorry that it had to be me.''
A day after watching his horse and rider squash a celebration by upsetting Smarty Jones, the trainer Nick Zito was back at work, walking in the rain toward his barn, checking on horses that were running yesterday.
He picked up on Prado's comment about professionalism.
''You got a job to do and you have to do it,'' he said. ''That's what happened yesterday. I've been on the other side of that many, many times.''
Before Saturday's victory, Zito lost 11 times at the Belmont.
''I've been second five times,'' he said.
This was the greatest victory of Zito's career, but what a time to win, beating a horse that had been adopted by the nation.
Most times we say that a second-place finisher is never remembered, but in this case we will not remember which horse won, just that Smarty Jones lost.
''Everybody came here to see Smarty Jones -- 120,000 people,'' Zito said. ''Yesterday, the Belmont Stakes arrived, and thanks to Smarty Jones. The good part was, we happened to be on the winning end when he was defeated. But there were a lot of positives, no negatives yesterday.''
Racing fans were still talking about the race yesterday. What happened? The dream seemed so real, so attainable. An undefeated horse was going up against an undistinguished field.
''A lot of people say if it was a mile and a quarter, that horse would have won,'' Zito said, referring to Smarty Jones. ''It wasn't, and that's what makes the Triple Crown so great.''
The heartbreak caused by Smarty Jones's defeat was deep. It was as if all the air had suddenly been sucked out of Belmont Park.
A colleague who works in the Midwest called the loss a tragedy. He said that Saturday was one of the saddest days of his life.
An initial outpouring of boos greeted Birdstone's victory, the reaction of so many 5-year-olds who have had their dessert taken away.
They booed as if to say to Prado and Zito: How dare you try to win? How dare you burst our dream?
''That was all right,'' Zito said. ''They didn't boo that much. Later on they were O.K.''
We learned a valuable lesson. Hardened journalists were all set to write about Smarty in his glory. You can't script. You can hope and root but you cannot make this up.
Had Smarty Jones been great, he would have held off Birdstone and won. Today Smarty is just another horse who came to the Belmont but failed to conquer.
You have to play the game.
Zito used the example of the Yankees, with their huge payroll and high-powered free-agent signings, to make the point that hype gives way to substance.
''They got Sheffield and they got A-Rod and this and that,'' he said. ''But you still got to play the game. If the Yankees get beat in the playoffs, people are going to wonder what happened.''
There will be a Triple Crown winner one day, a superhorse that runs from the lead, runs from behind and can run with speed and endurance.
That wasn't Smarty Jones. Great story, good horse.
Sports of The Times<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Prime Minister Bob Hawke today ordered Libya to close its embassy here, asserting that its staff had engaged in unspecified ''clandestine activity'' in Australia and the South Pacific.
Prime Minister Bob Hawke today ordered Libya to close its embassy here, asserting that its staff had engaged in unspecified ''clandestine activity'' in Australia and the South Pacific.
He gave the two diplomats at the embassy, called the Libyan People's Bureau, 10 days to leave the country.
Mr. Hawke said the Libyans had engaged in ''clandestine activity which has become more intense during the course of the year.''
''The Government has previously voiced concern about the nature and direction of Libyan activities in the South Pacific region,'' Mr. Hawke said. ''Libya has begun to intrude into our domestic affairs, too.'' He gave no specifics. Lawyer's Trip at Issue
Mr. Hawke's announcement followed controversy over a visit by an Australian aborigine, a lawyer, to a ''revolutionary'' conference held by the Libyan leader, Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi, in Tripoli last month.
The aborigine, Michael Mansell, said at the conference that he needed support to set up an aboriginal nation within Australia. Australian press reports said Colonel Qaddafi offered to provide financial support for a revolution, and Mr. Mansell was quoted as saying, ''The Libyans offered us a hand of friendship, and that is more than the Australian Government has ever done.''
Prime Minister Hawke said: ''There is no plausible explanation in terms of geography or legitimate national interest for Libyan activity in this region. The Australian Government has concluded that a continuing official Libyan presence in Australia serves no Australian interest or purpose, and, indeed, is serving to facilitate Libya's destabi lizing activities.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The chief medical official of the Olympics applauded the international swimming federation yesterday for giving only a warning to the world champion SAMANTHA RILEY of Australia over a positive drug test.
"I am very satisfied," Prince ALEXANDRE DE MERODE, chairman of the International Olympic Committee medical commission, said from London. "I think they made a decision that is fair and just. I think it was an intelligent interpretation of the rules. This decision gives credibility to the anti-doping fight."
The swimming federation, FINA, announced Tuesday that it was handing Riley a strong warning after she failed a drug test at the world short-course championships in Brazil last Dec. 1. Riley, the world 100-meter and 200-meter breast-stroke champion, tested positive for the drug dextroproposyphene. The banned substance was in a prescription headache tablet given to her by her coach, SCOTT VOLKERS.
The Riley case is the latest high-profile drug controversy in swimming. Earlier this month, the 15-year-old American JESSICA FOSCHI had an initial probation sanction for a positive steroids test last August turned into a two-year ban by the United States Swimming board of directors.
"In light of FINA's decision to give Riley a strong warning instead of a two-year suspension, I will ask FINA to review the facts of the Jessica Foschi matter," the United States Swimming president, CAROL ZALESKI, said Tuesday.
Foschi's lawyer, MARK LEVINSTEIN, said yesterday that a letter was sent to United States Swimming formally requesting a reconsideration for his Long Island client. (AP)
SPORTS PEOPLE: SWIMMING<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Surging demand from East Germany is giving West Germany's economy unexpected strength and is bolstering the Bonn Government's claim that the monetary union of the nations can be financed without raising taxes.
Surging demand from East Germany is giving West Germany's economy unexpected strength and is bolstering the Bonn Government's claim that the monetary union of the nations can be financed without raising taxes.
West Germany's economy, the largest in Europe, will grow by 4 percent this year and is likely to grow by about 3.5 percent in 1991, according to the nation's five leading economic research institutes. Details of the institutes' annual spring report, to be released on Monday, were published today in the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, a large West German daily.
Because of the unexpectedly strong demand for West German goods and services, the institutes revised their economic growth forecast for this year sharply upward. In their annual fall economic report, the institutes had predicted a growth rate of 3 percent to 3.5 percent for this year.
Reports in Fall and Spring
The independent research groups are the Ifo Institute in Munich, the DIW Institute in West Berlin, the RWI Institute in Essen, the HWWA Institute in Hamburg and the Institute for World Economics in Kiel. The institutes make a joint report on West Germany's economy in the fall and spring.
Demand from East Germany will also provide ''considerable impulse'' for West German economic growth in 1991, the institutes said, although this depends heavily on how quickly East Germany's new democratic Government can begin a program of comprehensive, market-oriented economic policies.
The article said the program would amount to East Germany's adopting West Germany's economic, legal and tax systems. That would fit in well with Chancellor Helmut Kohl's plans. His conservative coalition Government is reviewing and revising the draft of a state treaty on monetary union and common economic, social and tax policies, which they hope will be signed by early May.
Monetary Union by July
Since the conservative Alliance for Germany triumphed in East Germany's first free elections on March 18, the monetary union of the Germanys has been expected to occur by July, and many people say reunification will be completed by the end of 1991.
But a dispute over the costs of monetary union and what conversion rate East Germans should receive when their currency is replaced by the West German mark has split Mr. Kohl's Cabinet and divided public opinion.
The Bundesbank, West Germany's powerful central bank, has proposed a rate of one West mark to two East marks for all funds except a small portion of East Germans' personal savings. Theo Waigel, the Finance Minister of West Germany, and the economics minister, Helmut Haussmann, are said to support the plan.
But the Foreign Minister, Hans-Dietrich Genscher, is opposed. He says the political risks of the 1-to-2 rate are too great, and he favors a conversion at parity. In cities across East Germany, thousands of people marched in protest on Thursday against the Bundesbank's plan.
The research institutes did not suggest a conversion rate, but they are widely believed to regard a 1-to-1 rate, particularly for wages, as overly generous given the overall weakness of East Germany's economy.
West Germans are also deeply concerned that the cost of financing monetary union will inevitably drive their taxes higher, as Bonn assumes the financial burden of rebuilding East Germany's decrepit economy. Seeking to allay those fears, Mr. Waigel says the Government has no plans to raise taxes and intends to push ahead with planned tax cuts in 1991.
A Quick Response
Mr. Waigel quickly seized on the report to bolster the Government's position. In a television interview today, the Finance Minister said monetary, economic and social union with East Germany could be financed solely by West Germany's economic growth.
He said no tax increase would occur in the 1991 legislative period if the Kohl Administration remained in power after the national elections this December. But some taxes could possibly be changed or postponed, Mr. Waigel said.
Strong economic growth would certainly make financing the reconstruction of East Germany less difficult, economists say. Reconstruction is also likely to touch off that growth, the research institutes say. Surprisingly, West Germany's gross national product, the broadest measure of economic performance, was benefiting more from increased exports than from an expected rise in private consumption, they said.
Since November, East Germans have been able to travel freely to the West, and West Germany's retailers have benefited from rising private consumption, as East Germans snap up goods not available at home.
Exports to Be Critical
But the institutes believe the real motor for economic growth will be the export of capital goods, which East Germany desperately needs to rebuild its antiquated industrial base. Exports of services like banking and insurance are also likely to contribute to West Germany's economic growth this year and next.
Reacting to the details of the report published by the newspaper, Matthias Wissmann, the economics spokesman for Mr. Kohl's Christian Democratic Union, said the planned monetary and economic union would make any forecast of West Germany's growth uncertain. But he said he assumed the economic upturn, which is in its eighth year, would continue well into the 1990's.
The opposition, the Social Democratic Party, was also encouraged by the report. Wolfgang Roth, the economics spokesman for the party, called the report ''a sign of hope in a dramatic time.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Employees of Bell Communications Research Inc. who wander into the snack room at a research center in Morristown, N.J., casually trade grins, waves and suggestions with their counterparts in Navesink, N.J., even though Navesink is 50 miles away. Sometimes the employees swap water-cooler chit-chat; other times, they hold formal conferences.
The 8-foot-high Video Windows that virtually bring these distant groups into the same room are a product of a new technology intended to expand drastically the amount of data that optical fibers can carry. Optical fibers, the thin strands of glass that transmit information using pulses of light, are like huge water mains with only a trickle of water flowing through them, according to Anthony S. Acampora, a researcher at Columbia University.
Just as radio listeners can choose from a broad range of channels by tuning their receivers, such devices as telephones, computers and video equipment could receive much more information over optical fibers if they all could be tuned to different frequencies of light. A single fiber connection between two users could simultaneously handle not only a telephone link but also high-definition video and a high volume of computer data.  The Limitations
Professor Acampora heads the Center for Telecommunications Research at Columbia's School of Engineering. The fiber optics project has won support from the National Science Foundation, Bell Communications Research, GTE, Philips N.V. and three other companies. Scientists say that although commercial applications might be years away, the technology could speed the installation of national data highways and libraries.
The capacity of existing fiber networks is severely limited by the speed of the lasers that generate optical signals, Professor Acampora said. These lasers convert electrical signals from telephones, video equipment and computers into pulses of light.
"The electro-optical bottleneck is how fast we can turn lasers on and off," Professor Acampora said. The limit is 1 billion to 2 billion flashes, or bits of information, a second; fiber can carry at least 500 billion bits. An ordinary telephone line can carry only about 10 million bits a second.
Sending these light pulses at different frequencies could take advantage of the fiber's full capacity. Users could tune to the frequencies they need, so no cumbersome switches would be necessary to route calls and data.
Since the frequency of light determines color in the visible light band, scientists frequently talk of sending different colors of light through the fiber network. In fact, the frequencies under discussion are in the infrared range, which is invisible.
Having enormous transmission capacity solves a variety of practical problems, said Stephen Weinstein, a manager at Bell Communications Research, or Bellcore, a joint enterprise of the regional Bell companies. "For one thing, you would not have to strain to compress data," he said. "You could use relatively simple devices and just blast out all the information you want."  The Problem of Distortion
Transmitting color pictures requires such vast amounts of data that they are usually compressed and reconstituted after transmission. High-definition television pictures require 800 million bits of information a second. One proposal pending at the Federal Communications Commission would compress that to 20 million bits.
But compression inevitably introduces some distortion, blurring fast-moving scenes. By transmitting all the data, picture quality could be improved to the point where physicians could more readily view X-rays and other medical images on remote monitors.
Bellcore's two Video Windows are connected by two optical links, each capable of carrying 45 million bits of information a second. With that capacity, the signal must be compressed somewhat, because even video that is not high-definition requires 100 million to 150 million bits of information a second. 'A Sense of Naturalness'
Eric J. Addeo, a research manager at Bellcore, described the Video Window as an attempt to create "virtual presence" -- the feeling that the person on the screen is really on the other side of the table. "With a near life-size image and high-quality audio, there is a sense of naturalness that is not present in typical teleconferencing," he said.
Creating a nationwide network using such technology will be a much greater challenge. In conventional communications systems, calls are routed to a central switch, where the connection to the other telephone is made. Under the system envisioned by Professor Acampora's group, the central switch would be eliminated.
Instead, devices would be tied into the optical highway by ports that would translate electronic signals into light of a certain frequency. The information would travel down the system until it reached a telephone, computer or other device tuned to receive it. This would overcome the barrier imposed by the limit on how fast light-sending devices can be turned on and off. Each port could send or receive up to a billion bits per second, and the system could carry data from many ports simultaneously. Over longer distances, optical amplifiers would be used to bolster the strength of the signals.
In the event that the intended telephone or other receiver is not tuned to the frequency being transmitted, other devices would adjust the signals to the appropriate frequency.
One difficulty to be overcome before the new optical system can be widely installed is to develop optical transmitters and receivers that can be rapidly tuned to different wavelengths. Currently, equipment can be tuned over only a small part of the optical spectrum.
Professor Acampora notes rapid progress. "Four years ago we did not have optical amplifiers and we did not have the ability to rapidly tune anything," he said. "Today we have optical amplifiers and we can rapidly tune over a limited portion of the spectrum."
Mr. Weinstein of Bellcore said he expected that more years of research would be needed before it became clear whether all-optical networks using multiple wavelengths of light were a practical means of carrying large amounts of data. Commercial applications might be at least a decade away, he said, adding, "This approach is a reasonable possibility for future generations of technology, but it is not the next generation."
"But compression inevitably introduces some distortion, blurring fast- moving scenes. By transmitting all the data, picture quality could be improved to the point where physicians could more readily view X-rays and other medical images on remote monitors.
"Bellcore's two Video Windows are connected by two optical links, each capable of carrying 45 million bits of information a second. With that capacity, the signal must be compressed somewhat, because even video that is not high-definition requires 100 million to 150 million bits of information a second."  BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY  Correction:  July 25, 1991, Thursday
Because of an editing error, an article in Business Day yesterday about fiber optics misstated the size of a Bell Communications Research video screen known as Video Window. It is eight feet wide, not eight feet high. Because of a production error, several lines were misplaced in the continuation of the article. The affected paragraphs should have read:<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>AH, for the days of champagne and caviar, those halcyon 1980's, when a hostess needed only to produce a culinary extravaganza, summon professionally accomplished people to dinner and watch as the expensive food became the lodestar of powerful networking.
There was a certain ease in knowing that fabulous dinner parties could be bought. But that ease is fading as the pendulum of popular taste swings away from conspicuous consumption.
Like table manners, fashions in entertaining tend to be amulets against society's current worry. Whether cooked at home or catered, costing a small fortune or very little, parties are snapshots of the culture.  After the excessive 80's, for instance, hosts initially rushed to serve abstemious dinners, requesting that guests reply with their dietary preferences.
As public discussions about the "dumbing of America" have proliferated, hosts have been trying to create an ambiance to assuage the intellect.
It's the smart dinner of the mid-90's. Rather than trust serendipity, some hosts have resorted to staging their meaningful conversations.
Bertram Fields, a powerful Hollywood lawyer, and his wife, Barbara Guggenheim, an art dealer, for instance, give monthly "history" dinner parties. Ira Fistell, a historian who once was host for a radio talk show, directs the predinner conversation at parties that include writers, academics and actors like Dustin Hoffman, Warren Beatty and Annette Bening.
"My wife and I began the dinners to educate ourselves," Mr. Fields said. "But one friend told another, and now we have people who are insulted that they haven't been invited."
Doyennes are throwing studious dinners, too, in Kansas City, Mo.; Seattle, and Miami. Last week, a party of eight gathered in the home of a philanthropist in Columbus, Ohio, to discuss the history of the underground railway in that state.
Still, the academic-themed dinner parties will probably go the way of the 50's Hawaiian luau. The smart dinner party is at once an overreaction to the banal dinners of the 80's and similar to them.
Both parties exaggerate one component of a memorable evening -- be it indulgence or earnestness. But as Mr. Fields noted, the academic conceit can curtail conversation. "Guests want to learn," he said. "They also very much want to talk." Maybe, as the 90's creep toward the millennium, people are eshewing indulgence because they need to talk.
Analyzing data from the 10,000 people that the Leo J. Shapiro Company interviews each year about their habits and life styles, George Rosenbaum, the market research company's president, noted "an overwhelming increase in people who feel isolated in their achievements and uneasy about the future." Such people, Mr. Rosenbaum said, are less impressed by success than by meaningful conversation.
The last time stylish entertaining moved from the glittering and glib to the deep and meaningful was at the last turn of the century. At that time, William Schwenck Gilbert, the British lyricist, decreed, "It isn't so much what's on the table that matters as what's on the chairs."
Returning to this frontier in graciousness 100 years later poses problems yet to be addressed in life-style magazines.
Highly stylized food, the mainstay of most caterers, is suspect. Pellegrino water flows more heavily than wine, and interesting conversation is prized more than either charm or net worth.
The dishes that caterers are called on to create tell the story.
"Homey, homey, all that stew stuff, the comfort food, that's all anybody wants," said Sean Driscoll who owns Glorious Foods, a stylish catering firm in Manhattan.
This could be seen as a swing back to the Yankee ethic in which food was meant to go unnoticed. But given the complexity and luxury of the one-pot meals served at dinner parties lately, it's more likely that the preference for homey-seeming food indicates a yearning for easy intimacy, for stability and continuity. Things that a host or hostess can't buy, can't plan, can't control.
A stew or soup, or pasta even, requires little from the host or the hostess. But it is only as memorable as the people eating it. Unlike the rich and famous fantasy of the 80's, or even the seriously smart fantasy, today's is a fantasy of family, one that defies choreography.
Mechanical entertaining was more expensive than the homey, organic dinner parties of today. But it was easier and more predictable.
What hostess wouldn't grow misty-eyed for the bygone days of caviar, foie gras, pert and pretty canapes? It's ever so much easier to appease vanity than it is to bring together unpredictable hearts and minds.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>THE 1992 CAMPAIGN<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>More than two million Sudanese are at risk as a severe drought and new fighting in the southern part of the country threaten the worst famine in the Sudan since 1988, when about 280,000 people died, relief officials here say.
In most of the southeast, the harvest has failed and food stocks have already been exhausted. Western diplomats and relief officials say the Government in Khartoum has been massing its troops in southern towns in preparation for a large-scale "dry season" offensive against the guerrillas.
Reporters in the southern Sudan have reported that fighting has intensified in the past week as the Muslim-led Government in Khartoum continues a major offensive against towns and villages held by southern rebels.
United Nations aid workers said some 70,000 refugees were fleeing toward the Ugandan border to escape bombing raids north of the Kenyan and Ugandan borders and at least 30,000 others were escaping heavy ground fighting further east at Amadi, close to the remote border with Zaire.
Last week, as many as 100,000 civilians, afraid of attacks and bombings, abandoned relief camps and easy access to food and in a mass exodus fled in the direction of Uganda. Relief agencies have pulled out Western workers in areas where they believe attacks are imminent. The raids have been officially denied by Khartoum. Refugees Used as Shields
In previous offensives the rebels have prevented refugees from leaving the Sudan so that they can use them as shields against Government forces.
"We have the makings of a colossal humanitarian crisis in the southern Sudan because of crop failure," said Philip O'Brien, head of both Unicef Sudan and Operation Lifeline Sudan, which coordinates activities for the United Nations and during 30 nongovernmental organizations. "Up to two million people have a serious food crisis starting now. In addition, if the conflict comes and is extensive, the crisis will be much, much worse. It is the worst crisis in the past four or five years."
It is another tormented chapter in the 10-year civil war between the Islamic fundamentalist north and the Christian and animist south that has ravaged the south's infrastructure, fed famine and left an estimated one million people dead. Despite scores of cease-fires and high level talks, diplomats say no resolution is in sight.
In the last two years, the Government has retaken all the principle towns in the south but it still does not control the countryside. In 1991, the Sudan People's Liberation Front splintered over whether the south should become independent or just seek more autonomy as the factions fight with one another. The plight of the south's people is aggravated by their isolation. For more than half the year, the rains make travel impossible, and Khartoum has strictly controlled access for the United Nations and for journalists. North Suffers Added Woes
The north is also suffering from a bad harvest, bread lines, chronic fuel shortages and price increases.
The fighting this year comes after a year of relative peace and the first steps toward some form of stability and more effective relief work. There was little fighting in 1993. Diplomats say the Sudan, on Washington's list of terrorist countries, may have waited to judge the outcome of American and United Nations presence in Somalia.
About 300,000 people died in the civil war and famine in Somalia that prompted the United Nations intervention in December 1992. The American interest in the Sudan was underscored last April by the visit to the border areas by George E. Moose, the Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs. There was talk of demilitarized zones and safe havens. Cease-fires were brokered.
But as the United Nations success in Somalia unraveled and the international community could not agree on a course of action against the fighting in the former Yugoslavia, the Sudan as an issue disappeared again. No plans have materialized.
"It is the forgotten war, the tragedy that is often swept under the rug," said a Western diplomat. "There isn't the political will in the U.S. or Europe."
Early in 1993, in a sharp change of policy, the Government in Khartoum had begun allowing the United Nations and relief agencies increased access across the south reaching about 1.7 million out of the south's 4 million people. There was a significant drop in malnutrition levels, and in certain communities the first crops in years were planted. A United Nations survey showed that malnutrition rates fell from 80 percent to 11 percent among the 47,000 displaced in Ame, one of the largest camps, near the Uganda border.
Yet even if some form of calm had prevailed, the crisis is far from over. Before the most recent fighting, there were about 600,000 internally displaced in the south and about two million in the north. About 400,000 Sudanese have become refugees in Zaire, Uganda, Kenya and Ethiopia.
In a continent with a roughly 3 percent growth rate, a survey by Operation Lifeline Sudan found that in 1993, the population in the southern Sudan decreased by 1.9 percent. Recent reports from the drought stricken areas of Eastern Equatoria and Bahr-e Ghazal show a tripling of women and children in feeding centers.
Last week, gunmen raided Ame, killing four people. A few days later the Government bombed the outskirts of a nearby rebel base. Now Ame is deserted as its tens of thousands of inhabitants abandonned even pots and pans and clothes and fled in panic.
"It's not only a question of starting from scratch in terms of the programs," said Sally Burnheim of Operation Lifeline Sudan. "We also have to get access to them. Many have fled into the bush."
Last year, the World Food program airlifted or airdropped 26,000 tons of food, sent in 24,000 tons by barge and 6,800 more by ground routes. World Food Program officials estimate conservatively that the southern Sudan will need about 219,000 tons for this coming year out of a total food aid for the country of 487,000 tons.
But now unless alternatives to food airlifts can be found as the main means of access to stricken areas, relief operations will be cut down by lack of funds, American and United Nations officials say. Last month, the Sudanese Government and rebels failed to agree on a deal allowing food to be taken in overland, forcing the relief agencies to continue an expensive airlift. Costs Paid by the U.S.
The United States pays about 80 percent of the airlift, which costs, exclusive of food, about $1 million a month for each of the two planes. Last year, about 35 percent of the food was airlifted or airdropped. Officials of the United States Agency for International Development say there are only enough funds until April. The World Food Program has enough food only until June. Operation Lifeline Sudan estimates that it needs $250 million for 1994, of which about $217 million will be for the World Food Program. But so far, they have raised only $10 million.
"The consequences of stopping the airlift is that people will die," said Donald Petterson, the United States Ambassador to the Sudan and outspoken critic of both the Government and the rebels. "Neither side has shown readiness for fundamental compromises to make a settlement. It takes two to tango and they haven't even gotten on the ballroom floor."
Correction:  February 11, 1994, Friday
A picture from Agence France-Presse yesterday with an article about the threat of drought in the Sudan was transmitted in mirror image and appeared that way in some copies. The lettering on the man's shirt in the foreground should have said "staff."<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Looking at the North-South cards here, in what contract would you choose to play? The deal occurred in the first of two Worldwide Pairs contests, played on June 6 in 41 countries. The world winners were Gloria Milder and Elaine Katzman, playing at Jourdan's Club in Boca Raton, Fla., who scored 75.24 percent.
Eric Kokish, the official commentator, correctly predicted that the most popular contract would be six no-trump, making with an overtrick. He pointed out, however, that seven no-trump was desirable, with a better than 75 percent chance of success if played by South. He can first test the spades, and if the jack does not appear, he will run the clubs and have squeeze chances. If nothing good happens, he will resort to the diamond finesse. Among the 2,584 pairs, 191 hit this target and were rewarded with 4,974 match points out of a possible 5,166. That top score was achieved by a pair that was fortunate enough to be doubled in seven no-trump.
Thirty-six pairs arrived in seven spades, a much worse contract, and were lucky. The spade jack fell conveniently, and each pair collected 4,747 points. If that card had been well guarded, they would have had almost none.
As Kokish points out, however, none of these contracts is theoretically best. In a bidding contest the prize would go to pairs reaching seven clubs, which will succeed with any normal breaks. Suppose a neutral heart lead. South wins in dummy, cashes the club ace and unblocks the ace-queen of spades. He then leads to the club 10, noting that everyone follows, and ruffs a low spade. He now draws trumps and claims 13 tricks, assuming that both opponents followed to two rounds of spades. Even if the clubs divide 5-1, he has several chances.
Can seven clubs be bid? Nineteen pairs did so and were rewarded with 4,692 points. Kokish suggests the delicate sequence shown in the diagram. Two diamonds by South is a reverse, strength-showing and forcing. Two no-trump, in the modern American style, is natural and game-forcing. It tends to deny a three-card club fit, so four clubs on the next round suggests a doubleton honor. Three control-showing bids follow, and North jumps to five no-trump to ask his partner to select a slam. The six-club bid indicates a strong suit, and the grand slam becomes a good bet.
A few North-South pairs had disasters. Two rested in part-scores. One contrived to pass the deal out, a mystery. And 19 somehow achieved minus scores.
BRIDGE<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Amid tentative signs that the heady momentum of the last two months is beginning to flag, the undeclared candidacy of Ross Perot is moving into a new, more sophisticated phase, a top campaign official said today.
The official, James Squires, press secretary for the Perot Petition Committee, said in an interview that in the coming month the Texas billionaire would make greater use of professional political advisers to help his campaign, possibly put some campaign commercials on television and become more specific about his views. Such a shift would be a marked but expected departure from the campaign's almost exclusive reliance on enthusiastic but untutored volunteers, whose primary focus has been to gather enough signatures to try to qualify Mr. Perot for the ballot in the 50 states.
"We have to start doing something other than petition drives" Mr. Squires said. Morning for Perot?
In recent weeks, Edward J. Rollins, the co-manager of the Perot committee who is in charge of its day-to-day operations, has employed a number of professional political consultants to tackle chores like building crowds for rallies, conducting voter-registration drives and handling the hordes of reporters and camera crews covering Mr. Perot's public appearances. In addition, the Perot Committee has hired Hal Riney, a San Francisco advertising specialist who created the "Morning in America" theme for Ronald Reagan's 1984 campaign.
Mr. Rollins has said that Mr. Perot would declare his candidacy in July, but Mr. Squires and Thomas W. Luce 3d, the committee's chairman, said today that no date had been set for such an announcement.
The change in complexion of Mr. Perot's effort comes at a time when a spate of public-opinion polls show a slowing of his meteoric rise and some embryonic doubts about the plausibility of a Perot Presidency. A Washington Post-ABC News nationwide poll conducted June 24 through June 28 placed Mr. Perot in a virtual dead heat with President Bush and Bill Clinton. In a similar poll conducted by the Post and ABC from May 31 to June, Mr. Perot led Mr. Bush by 6 points and Mr. Clinton by 10.
Other polls have shown a similar erosion of Mr. Perot's standing. In a telephone survey of 810 adults in 12 Southern states conducted June 21 through June 24 by The Atlanta Constitution, Mr. Perot tied for second place with Mr. Clinton, 10 points behind the President. In Massachusetts, a statewide poll of 400 registered voters conducted June 24 through June 26 indicated that the Dallas independent also trailed Mr. Clinton by a margin of 28 percent to 26 percent, with Mr. Bush third with 23 percent. Earlier this month, the same poll had Mr. Perot leading both his possible rivals by 13 points.
"It's like the bloom is off the rose," said Gerry Cherzinsky, president of KRC Communications Research, which conducted the Massachusetts poll for The Boston Globe and WBZ-TV.
These polls suggest that Mr. Perot has been scarred in recent days by the bitter charges being flung back and forth between himself and surrogates for President Bush, and by a reluctance to provide clear answers to some pressing voter concerns.
"I think Bush's attacks have had an impact," Mr. Cherzinsky said. "My belief has always been that the more people know about Perot, the less people will like him. That's only normal for any politician."
Aides to Mr. Perot say they are not concerned about these polls, noting that the electorate has been extremely volatile all year and there are months to go before the election. "What we are seeing is not unexpected," Mr. Squires said. "When you go up in the polls as fast as he did, you're going to bump off the ceiling sometime."
Some political analysts say that Mr. Perot has perhaps also been hurt by his unwillingness to be specific on issues. That reluctance was on display Monday night. During an appearance on a 90-minute program on ABC-TV, Mr. Perot did not directly answer the question of whether he would allow homosexuals in the armed forces. And when asked whether he would sign the Freedom of Choice Act, which would provide a Federal statutory guarantee of abortion rights, he would say only that abortion was a woman's decision.
Mr. Perot also declined to specify how he would make good on his oft-stated view that the way to stop violence in the United States was to "get guns out of the hands of violent people".
Still, toward the end of the show, which featured questions from studio audiences in 10 cities, Mr. Perot virtually endorsed the economic proposals that had been put forward by Paul E. Tsongas, the former Massachusetts Senator who dropped out of the race for the Democratic nomination this year.
"What is the most impressive platform I've seen so far? Senator Tsongas's platform, 'An Economic Call to Arms,' " Mr. Perot said, brandishing the small booklet that Mr. Tsongas and his aides passed out at virtually every campaign stop. Mr. Perot added, "There's a lot of good ideas here."
Mr. Perot has been in accord with Mr. Tsongas on a number of economic issues, including a cut in the capital gains tax to spur investment and opposition to a middle-class tax cut. But as he left the ABC studios, Mr. Perot declined to answer a reporter's question of whether he favored a five-cent-a-gallon gasoline tax, another of Mr. Tsongas' economic tenets.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Because of an editing error, a report in the World Briefing column on Wednesday about the appointment of Demetrius Perricos as acting executive chairman of the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission misstated the retirement date of the current chairman, Hans Blix. It is the end of this month, not next.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Disclosure on Tobacco  A tobacco company document suggests unfavorable research about the cancer hazards and other effects of smoking was suppressed. Page A18.
Greek Statesman Dies  Constantine Caramanlis, a leader in restoring Greece to democracy in 1974 after years of military rule, died in Athens. He was 91. Page A23.
For Some, a Web of Deceit  In a cruel hoax, more and more people are making up heart-rending stories so they can join Internet support groups. Circuits, page G1.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Christian Lacroix and Karl Lagerfeld have clearly emerged as the pillars of the new fashion season, as the fall and winter openings hurtle along. Intriguingly, they are on opposite sides of the fashion spectrum.
Christian Lacroix and Karl Lagerfeld have clearly emerged as the pillars of the new fashion season, as the fall and winter openings hurtle along. Intriguingly, they are on opposite sides of the fashion spectrum.
The Lacroix mood, pegged to short skirts, continues rollicking and frivolous. Mr. Lagerfeld, who has recently contributed to the vogue for playful fashions, has changed his approach. Spearheading the drive toward long, slender clothes, he said he found the earlier fluffy styles ''vulgar.''
In his first collection under his own name for Stillmann, a West German manufacturer, Mr. Lagerfeld makes a strong case for sophisticated clothes. Skinny calf-length black knitted skirts for day are chic under wide capes. The Figure Counts
A smaller wrap is a knitted stole made with one sleeve; the other end is wrapped around the body. In addition to assisting the woman who has trouble keeping a stole in place, these knitted wraps provide a shot of color for black. One black dress was shown with a sleeved stole on each arm, one red and one yellow.
The long slender styles can be as seductive in their way as short skirts are in theirs. As they cling to the body, the long slender skirts demand a great figure. So the designer wisely offers alternatives: wide-legged trousers and long pleated skirts. A one-button gray wool suit with a calf-length full pleated skirt could be worn with ease by any woman anywhere.
But Mr. Lagerfeld's greatest accomplishments are filmy, svelte black lace dresses that stop just below the calf and are, for the sophisticated woman, the antithesis of poufs and bubbles. A Signature Changes
The designer applied the same quiet touch to his collection for Chanel, shown Monday morning. It was the best Chanel collection since Chanel died, in 1971. You could tell it was Chanel by the gold buttons and the chain belt, but the slim, supple silhouettes were Mr. Lagerfeld's own contribution. After five years he has imposed his stamp on the house, substituting edelweiss and violets for the camellia, long the house signature.
The clothes were both subtle and sophisticated, with no gimmicks at all. Mr. Lagerfeld banished ruffles and poufs. Instead he showed calf-length skirts, wide-legged pants and eminently wearable evening dresses. Indeed, a woman could wear one of the beautifully proportioned short jacket suits from the time she went to work in the morning, on into evening.
Ivory sweater-jackets over tailored pleated shirtwaist dresses were one of the designer's best evening suggestions. Other good ideas were frilly blouses - some a shade too fussy -worn with black trousers, and black evening suits, best with lace blouses.
Mr. Lagerfeld has succeeded in making grown-up clothes for grown-up women. Brisk Sales for LaCroix
Proving that coexistence is as feasible in French fashion as it is in the French Government, the fluffy Lacroix Luxe collection is being ordered by stores even before its official debut Tuesday morning. Eight hundred pieces were bought Saturday, the first day the clothes were available. Prices ranged from $4,000 to $20,000 an outfit for these modified versions of Mr. Lacroix's couture styles shown in January.
Mainly for evening, the collection focuses on fitted suits with front zipper closings and on coats and dresses with snug waistlines and short flaring skirts. Fur sleeves and jeweled embroidery add to the luxury look.
A grillwork print against a patchwork of different colors, along with tapestry effects and rose patterns, were among the outstanding fabrics. The best seller so far is a long-jacket theater suit in the grillwork pattern as well as in a solid-color cinnamon silk and wool fabric. The Softer Shoulder
Two of the wilder French designers, Claude Montana and Jean-Paul Gaultier, have profited from the emergence of a sober side to fashion.
With all the talk of hemlines, few observers are paying much attention to the softening of the shoulders, a big change in fall fashions. Claude Montana, who introduced mammoth shoulders a decade ago, is profiting from their deflation. His clothes now have a more human-scale look.
He still acts like a sculptor in cloth or leather. This time his best jacket is shaped gently at the waist and flares out to an undulating peplum, which is wired at the edges to hold its ripples. Wide circles of fabric or fur cover the neck and part of the shoulders; they are a cross between collars and capelets and look almost cozy. Covering for the Calf
Hemlines? Forget about calf length. Mr. Montana's hemlines hover around the ankles. But there are not that many of them. The bulk of the collection involves pants, some high-waisted. The most original color combinations for jackets and pants are red with wine or plum. Black pants and soft blouses in blue-gray silk the color of the Paris sky are another appealing combination.
Evening clothes focus on black pants suits with satin details; they look like men's dinner clothes. A long jacket has one satin lapel that curves around itself in a spiral effect.
The entire collection showed Mr. Montana in top form.
Jean-Paul Gaultier's shows in La Villette, a former slaughterhouse on the Paris outskirts, are generally planned to shock the establishment and send up fashion. Not this time. A straightforward presentation showed off the clothes, which were fine. There was no sign of Mr. Gaultier's preoccupation with nudity and underwear. Gold for Evening
Jersey jumpsuits, capelets that just covered the shoulders, trousers with pleats on the insides of the legs and looser jackets, including parkas, were among the Gaultier fashion messages. He continues the jackets shaped like leotards that he introduced last spring, worn over shiny tights, one of the many styles in stretch fabrics. Evening clothes are all in gold; a burnt-orange shade is memorable for day.
A Gaultier show is interesting when he is not trying to make the audience squirm.
Issey Miyake's collection does not have the lyricism evident in other seasons, but the clothes are sturdy, wearable and inventive. This world-class designer from Tokyo is scheduled for an exhibition at the Museum of Decorative Arts here, in October.
Three-tiered dresses, capelet jackets with wide-legged pants and knitted cashmere sweaters and coats, all in luminous beige tones, are some of his best contributions to the season.
Correction:  March 23, 1988, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Donald Fehr, the players' labor leader, had his long-awaited meeting with Bud Selig, the acting commissioner, yesterday. Sort of.
Because Selig controls the management side of labor negotiations, Fehr has wanted to meet with him to determine whether a deal was possible. Selig had not agreed to such a meeting, though. Finally, with Selig in New York for the World Series, Fehr met with him and Randy Levine, the owners' chief labor executive, at Levine's Manhattan office for about half an hour.
''Nothing of substance was discussed at all,'' Fehr said. ''We discussed procedures to try to bring a successful conclusion to the negotiating process. We'll meet again in Atlanta Wednesday.''
Asked whether he was happy that he finally had a meeting with Selig, Fehr said, ''I will not be happy until a final agreement is reached.''
Selig did not return a phone call seeking comment. Fehr and Levine had met in bargaining sessions the previous three days, but several issues remain unresolved. Also unsettled is whether Selig will schedule an owners' meeting to vote on a possible deal.
WORLD SERIES '96<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Whose Jerusalem is it ("Passions Set in Stone," by Paul Goldberger, Sept. 10)? Certainly not that of accomplished young Jerusalemites who wish to remain in their native city.
The problem is only partly rooted in the explosive birthrate of the ultrareligious. The fact is, working and professional Israelis have been priced out of the real-estate market, as Teddy Kollek, the former Mayor, zoned off virtually every major piece of central real estate for development into million-dollar homes for affluent foreign Jews who spend a few weeks each year in Israel's capital.
English is nearly as ubiquitous as Hebrew in downtown Jerusalem, as the city becomes home to a large cadre of young Americans whose parents can afford to buy them apartments totally out of Israelis' reach.
Kollek was more interested in creating an international jewel, even at the expense of its rightful citizens. Israel has no right to call Jerusalem its capital when it does such an effective job of disenfranchising its own citizens. Perhaps before inviting the United States Ambassador to take up residence in the Holy City, it should first invite a few more Israelis to do so. J. J. GROSS New York<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>RAPPAPORT-Herbert. On April 29, 1999 at age 86. A gentle man and a gentle soul, admired for his keen intelligence and quick wit. He was devoted to his late wife, Eleanor, and dearly loved by his daughters, Judy Tobey and Ruthann Lehrer. He will be missed by his grandchildren, Jackie, Emily, Deborah, Daniel, Ben and Rachel, and his five great-grandchildren. Services at ''Riverside'' 76 St and Amsterdam Ave, Sunday at 11:45.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
In "From Orthodox Jewish Education to Hebron" (letter, March 9), Prof. Shlomo Sternberg asks for a public statement of contrition from Baruch Goldstein's former teachers and principals. While we all deplore and condemn the senseless murder of innocent individuals -- all created in God's image -- by a person gone mad, we cannot comply with his request for acquiescence in his libel of Orthodox Jewish education.
Rabbi Sternberg surely knows that there is no line that goes from Orthodox Jewish education to Hebron. One can only guess what would motivate his smear that yeshiva education could instill a propensity to killing innocents -- the very antithesis of Torah values.
As a school, we take no position on the Israeli peace process, and it is no secret that our students, as well as the heads of the yeshivas in Israel attended by our alumni after graduation, have differing views on the subject. But there is a disturbing political process going on in the press and the Israeli left to paint all Orthodox Jews with the brush of Baruch Goldstein, to suggest that anyone who opposes the current process must also be mad, that teaching religious observance and commitment is education for paranoia and murder.
Far from teaching the literalism, fundamentalism, obscurantism and compartmentalization of which Rabbi Sternberg accuses us, we proudly teach the religious imperative to integrate religious commitment with social involvement. Most of our alumni (and those of other yeshivas) live out this commitment in the privacy of their everyday lives and in their capacities as Jewish lay leaders across the country. Others, like the director of the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith, make it their professional concern.
Some of our alumni who move to Israel live in Judea and Shomron. Others, like the Israeli civil liberties lawyer who sued the Israeli Government on behalf of the 400 expelled terrorists, have a different political position. They all received the same education that Baruch Goldstein and thousands of others did.
We take pride in them and what we teach them, just as we lament the horror inflicted by a precious student insanely driven to acts that contradict our most basic religious commitments.  (Rabbi) DAVID ELIACH  JOEL B. WOLOWELSKY  Brooklyn, March 10, 1994 The writers are, respectively, principal of Yeshiva of Flatbush High School and chairman of its teachers association.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>For the first time in three weeks, soldiers from North and South Korean cleared mines on the paths of roads and railroads that are planned across the demilitarized zone between the countries. The North Koreans had stopped workto protest the insistence by the United Nations Command on its right to approve which North Koreans came south to inspect the work. Maj. Gen. James Soligan of the United States Air Force, the deputy chief of staff in charge of negotiations with the North, told Korean reporters the command would stick to that position.
Don Kirk (NYT)<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>We were dismayed at the position taken by Mayor Christine Korff in regard to the issue of Home Depot $(''A Proposal for a Home Deport in Port Chester Draws Fire in Rye,'' March 23$). Her ''class wars'' comments were divisive, simplistic and clearly demonstrate her blatant disregard for the residents of her own city as well as those of neighboring towns. Mayor Korff shortchanges the residents of Port Chester by misrepresenting the facts. She states that Port Chester ''welcomes the traffic'' Home Depot will bring -- but in reality, if situated where proposed, a significant portion of the truck and car traffic will flow through Rye, not Port Chester.
Nevertheless, this situation poses a clear threat to the safety of all surrounding streets and diminishes the environment for both Port Chester and Rye residents who live near the site -- apparently not of any concern to Ms. Korff, who resides at the opposite end of town. Further, it will not necessarily bring consumer dollars to the rest of Port Chester. The merchants of Port Chester will benefit most by a coordinated business and traffic plan, which routes consumers directly through their own city and encourages visitors to spend time exploring, dining, shopping and enjoying the new Main Street renovations. This will not happen with Home Depot as a merchant or with the traffic flow as proposed.
Mayor Korff refuses to see the reality of this situation. It is time for the Mayor of Port Chester to begin promoting responsible city planning, to begin seeking long-term solutions that enhance the quality of life for all the people of Port Chester, to begin working with her neighbors and to stop engaging in politically divisive behavior.
JAMIE and JOSEPH FREITAS  Rye<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>CAL ABRAMS was buried in his Brooklyn Dodgers uniform yesterday in North Lauderdale, Fla. He was the son of a Russian immigrant father, a Jewish kid from Brooklyn whose proudest moment was the day he slipped into his Dodgers uniform and stepped onto Ebbets Field.
It was late in the 1949 season, Jackie Robinson having broken the color barrier two years before and established himself as an indispensable piece of the Dodgers' puzzle. Yet Robinson was still mostly treated as a black man reluctantly let through the turnstile of white America, and though Abrams may have been a Dodger to the delight of the large Brooklyn Jewish population, inside the clubhouse he apparently felt that he was not exactly walking on a welcome mat.
''My father had tremendous respect for Jackie, for what he went through,'' Ellen Abrams said from her parents' home in Tamarac, Fla. ''He was a minority, too.''
At 47, Ellen Abrams is like most baby boomers, with hazy memories, if any, of the Brooklyn Dodgers, of her father's three years as Jackie Robinson's teammate. But she and her three siblings had the benefit of growing up with a walking, talking history book. ''He liked to talk about how he used to bring food to Jackie on the bus whenever they stopped someplace Jackie wasn't allowed in,'' she said. ''He was proud to have contributed because he also lived that life.''
In his 1992 book, ''Ellis Island to Ebbets Field,'' the author Peter Levine wrote that Cal Abrams believed most antagonisms he endured to be little more than ''jibes and taunts,'' the opposition's attempt to throw him off his game. But Ellen Abrams's younger brother, 37-year-old David, said his father painfully felt an anti-Semitic sting, especially during his early days with the team.
''He said there were times when he was told there was no room on the team bus and to go ride in a station wagon with the equipment man,'' David Abrams said. ''Jackie Robinson and other first black players at least had the benefit of the owner saying, 'You have to accept this.' But that wasn't said for a Jewish player.''
Subtle bigotry can be more insidious, downright mind-altering. David Abrams, for instance, said his father always suspected that his manager in 1950, Charlie Dressen, benched him after a torrid hitting streak because he didn't fancy a Jewish player forcing his way into the everyday lineup. Maury Allen, a sportswriter who later wrote about Abrams for The New York Post, said the other day that when he checked old Dodger box scores, he discovered many games against right-handed pitchers when the lefty-hitting outfielder inexplicably did not play.
From his home in Florida, Harold Rosenthal, a respected sportswriter who covered those Dodger teams for The New York Herald Tribune, scoffed at these charges, particularly the one about Abrams's being forced off the bus. But Ellen Abrams said that if any of her siblings knew the skinny on their father's career, it was her youngest brother. ''It's been his passion to learn about that whole era,'' she said.
Fifty years after Robinson became the most important athlete of the 20th century, an ESPN special report last night reported claims by late 1940's players that actual strike votes were taken by at least three teams before Robinson's first game. It was a different time, reporters and players being far more compatible than they are today. But considering the only mention of the potential boycott was in Rosenthal's paper, this should only dramatically increase one's appreciation for what Robinson achieved.
He had no public shoulder to lean on, no agent to cry to. Robinson set an unmatchable standard of courage. He should be the ultimate inspiration for every contemporary sports pioneer -- be it Europeans facing resentments in pro basketball and hockey, Japanese infiltrating the major leagues or blacks trying to push their way into management jobs.
It wasn't just that Robinson played, but in the uncompromising way he played. That's how the history books tell it, and that's the way it got passed down from a Jewish man who had the honor of playing alongside him.
''My father always said that if Jackie Robinson could deal with what he did, then how could he not deal with what he had to?'' David Abrams said. ''His dream was to be a Dodger, no matter what.''
Sports of The Times<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The Nation of Islam leader, Louis Farrakhan, has been hospitalized in Washington, fueling concerns about his health.
Mr. Farrakhan underwent surgery, the Rev. Jesse Jackson said in an interview with WGN-TV in Chicago tonight. Mr. Jackson did not say when the surgery occurred, but he said it was to relieve discomfort.
Mr. Farrakhan was admitted on  Tuesday afternoon, a spokeswoman for Howard University Hospital, Donna Brock, said today, adding that she could not give his condition or say what he was being treated for.
A statement released by Leonard F. Muhammad, the Nation of Islam chief of staff and Mr. Farrakhan's son-in-law, said that he was ''stable and resting'' and that ''doctors have informed his family and Nation of Islam officials that the minister's treatment continues to be successful and his prognosis is excellent.''
Prostate cancer was diagnosed in Mr. Farrakhan in 1991.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Using the prospect of immigration documents as bait in a sting operation, law enforcement officials lured scores of suspected Jamaican drug traffickers out of hiding and were rounding them up yesterday in six cities across the country, the authorities said last night.
Of 119 people charged with violating drug laws or immigration laws or both, 17 are from New York City and were arrested as they went to the Holiday Inn at Kennedy International Airport to get their documents, or green cards.
"We had none to provide them," said Charles Domroe of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. "Just handcuffs."
The 17 arrests in New York smashed a Brooklyn-based Jamaican gang, or posse, that has operated in the shadows in recent years but has shown no reluctance to spill blood to attain its goals, said Mr. Domroe, an assistant special agent in charge of the F.B.I.'s criminal division in New York.
The undercover operation, which led to 43 indictments charging the 119 people, was centered in Miami, where it was begun in January 1993 by the F.B.I. and the Immigration and Naturalization Service, the authorities said.
Mr. Domroe said that by early 1993, Federal investigators had noticed a conspicuous increase in the number of known or suspected drug traffickers who were in the United States illegally and were seeking immigration documents -- the better to travel freely and dispense their wares without distraction.
So an anti-drug task force set up an immigration-consulting business in Miami, using an F.B.I. undercover agent as chief "adviser." The business was fake, but the immigration documents were real and soon there was a brisk trade.
Drug-trafficking suspects based in Miami showed up to buy temporary documents which, they were assured, would soon be convertible to green cards. Sometimes the purchasers paid in cash, other times in cocaine, the authorities said. The going rate was said to be eight and a half ounces of cocaine or $5,000.
Soon, Florida traffickers told dealers around the country about the Miami business, and before long traffickers from as far away as California were heading to Miami to buy their documents, the authorities said. About 110 pounds of cocaine and $60,000 in cash were collected at the Miami undercover site.
All day yesterday, agents were rounding up suspects in Miami, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Trenton and Springfield, Mass., as well as in New York, Federal officials said. About half of the 119 had been arrested by midafternoon, they said.
Sixty-one of the 119 have been indicted on charges of cocaine possession with intent to distribute it or conspiring to possess and distribute it, 116 have been charged with unlawful use of temporary residence cards and 7 have been charged with alien smuggling.
The arrests at the Holiday Inn near Kennedy International Airport were carried out by 65 F.B.I. agents, 12 immigration agents and 4 New York City police officers, as well as a police dog that was busily sniffing the suspects' cars as dusk fell.
The authorities said the 17 arrests in New York virtually smashed the Heartless drug-trafficking posse that has been operating in Brooklyn. Officials said those arrested included the leader, Anthony F. Meyers, 35, whose address was unknown, and Humbert Duggan, 33, of Brooklyn.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
I guess you are saying that the New York City public schools are so good that they do not need any competitive pressure to improve, such as from Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani's proposed school voucher experiment  (editorial, March 5).
By the way, I do not support school vouchers, since that would lead to government control of private schools. I support reimbursement of school taxes to parents who do not burden public schools with their children.
I find it interesting that our liberal aristocrats send their children to private schools but oppose support for the poor to get their children  out of public schools. I guess that  bit of hypocrisy is the price of  being beholden to the teachers' unions.
ROBERT WHEELDON  Seattle, March 5, 1999<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>An American expert on terrorism in Indonesia, Sidney Jones, who has published authoritative reports on the militant group Jemaah Islamiyah, was served with deportation papers. She said she had been given no explanation. The head of Indonesia's intelligence agency, General Hendropriyono, has complained in the past week that her reports on the group, which has been linked to Al Qaeda and is accused of the deadly bombings in Bali in 2002, were inaccurate and harmful to Indonesia's interests.
Jane Perlez (NYT)<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>From Welfare to Work
New Jersey has become one of the leading states in getting private businesses to provide employment for people moving off welfare, with commitments for 8,000 jobs. Page 21.
Pope's Sentimental Journey
Political and religious stakes are high as Pope John Paul II returns today in his Polish homeland in what may be his last visit. Page 6.
Going Back 25 Years
An order for a new trial for a Black Panther has the Los Angeles district attorney grappling with issues from the Vietnam era. Page 7.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>For a third day, the ratings for the hearings on the nomination of Judge Clarence Thomas to the Supreme Court continued to eclipse other television programming, including the baseball playoffs.
CBS saw its huge investment in major league baseball seriously damaged by having to compete with the hearings. The surprise beneficiary was PBS, whose ratings almost quadrupled on Sunday when it was the only broadcast outlet carrying the hearing live in prime time.
In addition, the commercial networks lost an estimated 15 million to 20 million in advertising revenue by pre-empting regular programming when they did broadcast the hearings.
In many of the nation's largest cities, including Chicago, Washington and Boston, the ratings Sunday night for the hearings on PBS dwarfed those CBS received for the National League playoff game between the Atlanta Braves and the Pittsburgh Pirates. CBS paid $1.06 billion, largely for the rights to post-season games, for four years.
In New York City on Sunday night, for example, the hearings attracted a 13.3 rating on Channel 13, the PBS station. The baseball game on CBS attracted only a 7.6 rating. The hearings beat the entertainment shows on the other networks as well.
In the 25 cities that are measured overnight by the A.C. Nielsen Company, PBS stations received an 8.1 rating Sunday night, up from their usual Sunday average of about 2.5, while the Atlanta-Pittsburgh game had only a 10.9 rating. David F. Poltrack, senior vice president of research for CBS, said the game would normally have attracted a 14 or 15 rating.
Mr. Poltrack said the networks will have to give advertisers free spots in other programs to make up for the commercials that were pre-empted by the hearings. He estimated the loss for ABC, CBS and NBC from the weekend at between $15 million and $20 million.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The news that North Korea has agreed to multilateral talks has been greeted with relief and hope from Moscow to Beijing to Washington. The United States has consistently insisted on multilateral talks with the North, while North Korea had been calling for talks only between the United States and North Korea. Now that North Korea has agreed to talks that will include Japan, China, Russia and South Korea, the Bush administration is focusing on the need to dismantle the North's nuclear-weapons program.
However, the issue of multilateral versus bilateral talks is only peripheral to the nuclear crisis, and the prospect for resolving the yearlong standoff between the United States and North Korea remains dim. If the United States offers nothing but a demand that North Korea abandon its nuclear program, the meetings will be useless. If there is nothing to discuss, why even meet?
For almost a year, American policy has been to offer minimal concessions to the North and continue to demand the scrapping of its nuclear program. This policy has only increased the tension -- and continuing it is unlikely to reduce tension regardless of how many other countries there are at the meetings.
Furthermore, it does not matter how many countries are at the negotiating table, because the conflict is primarily between the United States and North Korea. What matters are the policies of these two countries, and whether they are willing to negotiate. If the United States and North Korea do not resolve their differences, the presence of China -- or Russia, South Korea or Japan -- will not lead to a different outcome.
In recent weeks there have been indications from the administration that it may be willing to make some kind of offer. In a small but encouraging sign, one administration official said the United States was ''prepared to look at a process that addresses North Korea's concerns.''
North Korea clearly does not wish to go nuclear: if it wanted to, it would have done so long ago. North Korea has consistently maintained that its foremost desire in return for scrapping its nuclear program is a security guarantee from the United States.
This is the key issue: whether North Korea has genuine security concerns. If it does not, and is using the nuclear issue only as a form of blackmail or extortion, then it will be relatively easy to call its bluff. The United States can simply agree not to attack North Korea if it will agree to dismantle its nuclear-weapons program.
If North Korea actually means what it says, then a resolution of the crisis is fairly straightforward. Countries and leaders respond to the incentives and penalties. In the case of North Korea, being ordered to disarm creates the incentive not to disarm. If North Korea's leaders give in to pressure in this instance, who's to say they won't be pressured again?
For its part, the United States must decide on a coherent policy. Its current policy appears to be one of waiting and hoping that North Korea will either collapse or reform. Getting locked in a confrontation with an unpopular foreign leader may be emotionally satisfying and play well domestically, but it is a risky strategy to follow in international politics. American pressure almost guarantees that North Korea will respond with pressure of its own.
A policy of nonnegotiation is also risky in a strategic sense. First, it makes the United States essentially reactive in nature. Second, to not negotiate is to abjure incremental steps in favor of raising the stakes and hoping for the big win -- or loss.
The most likely outcomes of this strategy are all negative. It could result in a war that could cost millions of lives, many of them American, and place the United States and China against each other on the peninsula, as they were in 1950.
Even if war does not occur and North Korea collapses, it will likely be chaotic, costly and violent. The major powers will most likely be drawn into more involvement on the peninsula. The least likely outcome from this policy is gradual North Korean economic and political reform and a reduction of tension.
The North Korean regime is brutal and abhorrent, and everyone would like to see it disappear or at least modify its ways. The question is how best to achieve that goal. Current United States policy is essentially an absence of policy.
If the United States goes to the talks without anything to discuss, it will not matter whether they are multilateral or bilateral. More important than the structure of the talks is the substance of the negotiations.
What North Korea Wants David Kang, professor of business and government at Dartmouth, is co-author of the forthcoming ''Nuclear North Korea: A Debate on Engagement Strategies.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Oddly, ''Freedom: A History of US,'' 16 episodes charting the nation's pursuit of liberty from Bunker Hill to the World Trade Center attack, does not address the last enslaved American institution: PBS.
Didactic, worthy and irritatingly timid, the ''Freedom'' documentary, which begins on Sunday night, signals that at long last the time has come to consider privatizing public television or turning it over to the state. When a network dedicated to serving the public interest is tethered by both government financing and corporate largesse, the result is, well, ''Freedom: A History of US.''
The problem is not that the series is boring. ''Freedom,'' does not dare to be boring enough. Its creators felt compelled to fluff up this simple, child-friendly look at American history with celebrity voice-overs (Tom Hanks as Lincoln, Brad Pitt as James K. Polk). And that is because public television is not allowed to be commercial, but it is expected to be popular -- a conundrum that leads directly to PBS pledge drive concerts featuring Yanni, John Tesh and the Celtic Tenors.
It is less obvious why PBS cannot be as painfully dull as it wants (though it didn't hold back last week: ''Frontline'' devoted an hour to whether someone else really wrote Shakespeare's plays). Now and then it should startle us with an imaginative, unsparing and counterintuitive look at a subject that commercial television would never address.
''Freedom'' does neither. Instead, it falls into that all too frequent PBS category of commendable public television shows that one does not want to watch but thinks others should.
The project was brought to PBS by a family of accomplished documentary filmmakers, Philip B. Kunhardt III; his father, Philip Jr.; and son, Peter W., and their partner, Nancy Steiner, a former NBC producer. The Kunhardts, whose previous works for PBS include a 10-part series on the American presidency, based this series on the popular history textbooks by Joy Hakim. Soon after Sept. 11 General Electric signed on as the sole corporate sponsor -- the sober patriotism was ideally suited to the mood of the nation. Katie Couric, the co-anchor of NBC's ''Today'' show, who before 9/11 had agreed to be the series's host, proved an ideal choice for G.E., which owns NBC.
As a theme, ''Freedom'' is unassailable and even safer than motherhood, which can, of course, seem sexist. The series takes a solemn, self-congratulatory look at the American experience -- with regular pangs of contrition for injustices against women, blacks and American Indians.
Some segments may cover ground not all schoolchildren or parents are familiar with: John Muir (Sean Connery), the turn-of-the-century environmentalist, or ''Appleton's Journal'' (with Julia Roberts), a periodical that announced plans for the Statue of Liberty. But the telling is very familiar to PBS veterans -- lots of Ken Burns-style black-and-white photographs and mournful banjo music.
There are some distinctive grace notes along the way. The theme song, ''I Wish I Knew How It Would Feel to Be Free,'' sung by Nina Simone, is lovely. Most of the visual material, especially old news footage, is artfully chosen and, especially in segments dealing with the civil rights movement, goes beyond the classic stock images that television has emblazoned in our minds. One memorable black-and-white shot of a boy, watching from a tree above a crowd listening to Martin Luther King, evokes the moment in a fresh way. So do shots of the scuffed shoes of blacks walking to work and church during the 1955 Montgomery, Ala., bus boycott.
The best moments in fact are found in the Civil War and civil rights segments, subjects that PBS has already covered well and extensively.
The worst moments come in the final episode, when the filmmakers try to tie the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 into their theme. While it may be perfectly reasonable for President Bush, in a stump speech, to blame Islamic terrorism on enemies who ''hate our freedom,'' it is a bit thin to rely on this assertion alone in a 16-part look at American social history. Whatever grievances are harbored by Islamic fundamentalists, it is hard to believe that the Bill of Rights tops the list.
Sept. 11 would fit in smoothly in a 16-part series about the United States as the last superpower. Here, it feels forced. The writers try to wedge the connection in further with a quick reference to how the battle against terrorism could impinge on civil rights.
The show basks in a glow of good intentions. The president and Laura Bush give their blessings to the series in the first episode. ''Ours is a history of heroic deeds performed on behalf of human liberty,'' Mrs. Bush tells the camera.
Then G.E. gives its blessing. The PBS distinction between ''underwriters'' and commerical sponsors is increasingly blurry. The pompous black-and-white corporate ads for G.E. that precede each segment are almost indistinguishable from the series itself. Wouldbe historical footage of the first light bulb, an electric oven, a rocket taking off, an X-ray and a sonogram flash across the scene with hypnotizing speed. ''Over the years, we've been proud to present the world some amazing things,'' a deep baritone declares, ''including the program you will see tonight.''
Corporations are increasingly reluctant to finance programming that is not somehow linked to their fields: Exxon just pulled out of ''Masterpiece Theater'' after 32 years, saying it wanted to use its money for environmental and health projects. It apparently felt that those causes would better offset negative images of the oil industry than would ''The Forsyte Saga.''
G.E. provided three-quarters of the series's $4 million budget. Foundations that gave less money get a more perfunctory written credit.
THE TV WATCH<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Attorney General John Ashcroft has ruled that illegal immigrants who have no known links to terrorist groups can be detained indefinitely to address national security concerns.
Mr. Ashcroft was ruling in the case of a Haitian immigrant who had won the right to be released on bail while awaiting a decision on his asylum claim. Mr. Ashcroft did not argue that the man was a security threat, but said that his release and that of others like him ''would tend to encourage further surges of mass migration from Haiti by sea, with attendant strains on national security and homeland security resources.''
Because immigration judges are part of the Justice Department, rulings made by Mr. Ashcroft must serve as the basis for any decisions.
The decision will have an immediate effect on Haitian immigrants in Florida. But Mr. Ashcroft said the nation's immigration judges should rule similarly in bail hearings involving other illegal immigrants when the government provides evidence that extended detention is needed to protect the country.
It was unclear how widely the policy would be enforced. But outraged advocates for immigrants said it would impose unnecessary hardships on immigrants and asylum seekers who pose no security risk.
This policy shift is the latest effort by the Bush administration to use the detention of immigrants as a tool to address security concerns and prevent terrorist attacks. In March, officials said they would detain people from Iraq and 32 other countries who arrive at airports and border crossings seeking political asylum.
The government has also detained dozens of immigrants without charge as material witnesses in terrorism cases.
This is the first time, however, that officials have decided to detain immigrants who have no links to terrorism in an effort to address broader security concerns. Until now, judges in bail hearings focused on each individual immigrant and whether he or she would return to court or pose any danger to local communities.
Human rights groups, including Amnesty International and the Lawyers Committee for Human Rights, sharply criticized the policy shift.
''It's shortsighted, it's wrong and it does not make us safer,'' said Elisa Massimino, who runs the Washington office of the lawyers group. ''What it means is that these people will languish in detention without the opportunity to prove to a judge or anyone else that they don't pose a threat to national security.''
David Joseph, the detained Haitian immigrant in question in Mr. Ashcroft's ruling, scrambled to shore last Oct. 29 along with more than 200 other Haitians after their boat ran aground off Miami. Mr. Joseph and many others applied for political asylum.
Immigration advocates and lawmakers from both parties immediately called on the president and Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida to order the Haitians' release. Some passengers have been released on bail, but Mr. Ashcroft's decision will ensure that the rest remain in detention until claims for asylum are decided.
Mr. Ashcroft said his ruling was necessary to discourage mass migration from Haiti, which he described as a staging point for Pakistanis and Palestinians hoping to enter the United States illegally, a charge that was disputed by advocates for immigrants.
He said the Coast Guard was wasting precious resources focusing on Haitians trying to enter the United States by boat. With the war against terrorists draining resources, officials lack the capacity to screen Haitian immigrants individually to determine whether they present national security risks, he said.
''Under these circumstances,'' Mr. Ashcroft wrote in his decision on April 17, ''it is reasonable to make a determination that aliens arriving under the circumstances presented by the Oct. 29 influx should be detained rather than released on bond.''
Bill Schulz, the executive director of Amnesty International, said he recognized the government's right to protect the public from terrorism. But he said officials also had an obligation to asylum seekers.
''International standards state that the detention of asylum seekers should normally be avoided and is justified only in limited cases prescribed by law,'' Mr. Schulz said.
AFTEREFFECTS: IMMIGRANTS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Margaret McCampbell Brewster, the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Walter W. Brewster of Glyndon, Md., was married there yesterday to Asa Emory Phillips 3d, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Phillips Jr. of Brookline, Mass. The Rev. Lloyd Aiken performed the Roman Catholic ceremony at Sacred Heart Church.
Mrs. Phillips, who is 37 and is known as Marnie, is a hospital-contract analyst for the Harvard Community Health Plan in Brookline. She graduated from Middlebury College and received an M.B.A. degree from Babson College. Her father is an investment banker at Alex. Brown & Sons in Baltimore.
Mr. Phillips, 35, is a partner in the Boston law firm of Wood, Clarkin, Sawyer & Ronan. He graduated cum laude from Middlebury and received his law degree from Suffolk University. His mother, Dr. Anne Phillips, retired as a burn surgeon at Massachusetts General Hospital. She is the founder and executive director of the National Smoke, Fire and Burn Institute in Brookline, a nonprofit organization that teaches fire safety. His father, a lawyer in Boston, was an assistant to two Secretaries of State: Edward R. Stettinius Jr. and James F. Byrnes.
WEDDINGS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>AN ambitious study issued last week by the Robin Hood Foundation in New York  called "Kids Having Kids" will no doubt convince any remaining skeptics that teen-age childbearing is an economic as well as a social disaster.
But the research will disappoint those who assume that anyone going to the trouble to document these costs must have a fix in mind. "We haven't got the slightest idea what to do about teen-age pregnancy," said Douglas Besharov, a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute who was an adviser to the  authors of the study.
Nor, for that matter, do social scientists hold out more than a glimmer of hope that public intervention can offset the economic consequences once the teen-agers give birth. The latest findings from Ohio's experiment in using financial incentives to keep teen-age mothers in school, reported last month by  the Manpower Demonstration Research Corporation, are only marginally encouraging.
The Robin Hood Foundation, a New York-based charity dedicated to reducing poverty, commissioned a series of research papers on teen-age motherhood and hired Rebecca Maynard, an economist at the University of Pennsylvania, to put the pieces together. The story she tells is not pretty.
In 1993 some 175,000 babies were born to girls 17 or younger. Just 3 percent  of the babies were put up for adoption. And since fewer than one in six of the mothers were married or well educated, most of the children were left to grow up in impoverished, single-parent families.
To those children, the mere fact that they were born to teen-age mothers will influence the rest of their lives. Extrapolating from recent history,teen-age mothers will be only marginally more dependent on welfare than their socioeconomic counterparts who wait an extra four years to give birth. But their children will be 50 percent more likely to repeat a grade in school, 42 percent  more likely to drop out, 13 percent more likely to end up in prison, 30 percent  more likely to be unemployed as young adults and 22 percent more likely to bear  children themselves before the age of 18.
Ms. Maynard calculates that the problems associated with adolescent childbearing -- as distinct from the general problems of growing up in poor or dysfunctional families -- will cost taxpayers about $7 billion this year. That comes mostly from higher outlays on foster care, medical treatment and criminal  justice, plus lost tax revenues. The overall costs to society, including the estimated productivity lost by the mothers, add up to $8.9 billion.
In Mr. Besharov's view these figures undoubtedly underestimate the economic consequences of teen-age pregnancy: parental age may matter, he says, but marital status matters even more. "A married teen-age mother is less likely to go on welfare than an unmarried 25-year old mother," he says.
Ms. Maynard agrees that the numbers are conservative, but for different reasons. A good chunk of the real cost, she argues, is borne by the young parents and their children, and is thus not easily measurable. Much of the rest, the cost to the nation of tolerating chronic poverty in the midst of plenty, is  spiritual rather than economic.
By Mr. Besharov's reckoning, that tolerance is less a matter of public indifference than frustration. The common approaches to deterring early pregnancy -- better access to contraception and abortion, intervention to support teen-agers' self-esteem and hope for economic advancement -- are "insufficient to turn the tide."
And what about mitigating the damage, once girls become mothers? Some 20 states now demand that young mothers on welfare go to school. Ohio goes a step further, adding $62 to the monthly checks of those who attend and subtracting $62 from the checks of dropouts.
But the Manpower Demonstration Research Corporation's analysis of Ohio's LEAP experiment suggests that the impact has been modest.  Compared with a control group, the percent of mothers employed in the previous three months was somewhat higher and the percent on welfare lower. "If the employment rate holds up it's very promising," said Judy Gueron, the president of M.D.R.C. But the high school graduation rate, probably the best single indicator of the economic prospects of teen-agers, rose in only one city, Cleveland. And once mothers do drop out, the  evidence from Ohio and elsewhere points to unhappy endings. "You have to do more than change welfare incentives," Ms. Gueron concludes.
The problem of early pregnancy resists easy solution. But surely one mark of  a healthy society is that defeat does not lead to defeatism. Hence the virtue of reminding Americans of the dimensions of the scourge. "The real value of looking at the narrow dollars and cents calculation," Ms. Maynard concludes, "is that people will pay attention."<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>BANDS will play, street entertainers strut and artists offer works in the 21st annual SoNo Arts Celebration Saturday and next Sunday. The outdoor festival, which last year lured more than 85,000 visitors, will again be staged in the South Norwalk waterfront historic district.
Among warehouses rebuilt into museums, galleries and boutiques, nurtured with brick walks, gaslight-style street lights and sea views, music of all kinds and dance performances will play out on four stages. Other highlights of the festival include a parade of handcrafted giant puppets, a kinetic sculpture race and a band performance honoring more than 400 volunteers.
Children's activities, filling an entire street, will feature hands-on workshops, life-size puzzles of sea creatures presented by the Norwalk Maritime Aquarium, animal olympics and what is being called a ''gutter regatta.''
An international food court will offer Thai, Southwestern, Italian, Middle Eastern and traditional treats.
The festival, now grown to 150 juried artists and artisans from across the United States, originated with ''12 artists in lawn chairs on a weekend,'' said Sue Brown, exhibiting arts chairwoman and a board member of the event. As South Norwalk became increasingly revitalized, the celebration grew. Friendships and romances flourished. Ms. Brown, also an exhibiting jeweler, met the painter David Gordon at the 1991 celebration; they were married recently.
Arts and crafts remain at the heart of the celebration -- painting to sculpture to photography, ceramics to wearable art. Although museum quality is stressed, Ms. Brown said, ''We also try to encourage new artists and attempt to present affordable work.'' Prices range from $5 to $5,000.
Among highlights are Roger Gandelman's art glass perfume bottles. ''After blowing the glass, he slices it, creating facets, like cutting a precious gem to reveal its interior,'' Ms. Brown said.
The woodworker Deb Fanelli will offer salad bowls and wood utensils that fit into a base to form a sculpture. ''Even her booth, created of different types of wood, is a sculpture -- a giant replica of her products,'' Ms. Brown said.
Susan Jordhamo will display whimsical handbags crafted of fiber with human and animal motifs. Gary Recchia and Sharon Hosely, past award winners, work primarily in terra cotta, using motifs like rabbits and lizards incorporated with Indian symbols. Richard Calvo, a photographer who works in black and white, focuses on landscapes and textures. The jeweler Sue Brown will showcase silver and gold pins and collages with black coral and pearls. And the painter David Gordon will display land and seascapes in luminous colors in a variety of mediums.
''This show brings fine art and fine craft to a comfortable environment, right into our neighborhood,'' Ms. Brown said.
Rain or shine, the free event will take place on Saturday from 10 A.M. to 7 P.M., the block party from 8 P.M. to midnight, and on Sunday from 11 A.M. to 5 P.M. The number to call for more information is the SoNo Arts Celebration hot line: (203) 866-7616.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
I was reassured by Bernard Weinraub's article "Steven Spielberg Faces the Holocaust"  [ Dec. 12 ]  because it personalized Mr. Spielberg's life experience and explained how it led to creating "Schindler's List." I have seen the movie; it is a masterpiece. I think it unfortunate that people speculate about Mr. Spielberg's real agenda, when the finished product is what matters.
This film matters because it doesn't brutalize you instantly. Rather, you are walked through the continuing decline of the value of human life in the eyes of the Nazis. First it was isolation, then humiliation, then incarceration and random killing, and finally mass killing on an unprecedented scale.
I grew up in the suburbs and I remember anti-Semitic incidents. While still a young teen-ager, I started lifting weights so I could defend myself; I also learned the importance of befriending stronger friends to defend me. These are experiences that mold your life.
I have not enjoyed the kind of success Mr. Spielberg has, but I feel a similar pride in my participation in the creation of the Holocaust Museum in Washington. I was a charter member of the President's Commission on the Holocaust and the U. S. Holocaust Memorial Council; indeed, I was the only child of a Holocaust survivor to serve on both panels from their inception. I am also a member of the New York Holocaust Memorial Commission.
On Nov. 30, I attended a simple ceremony at the Holocaust Museum.  Mrs. Schindler and Mr. Spielberg were the guests of honor. That evening I attended the reception for the movie and thanked Mrs. Schindler personally in my broken German. I won't forget the experience.  STEVEN A. LUDSIN  New York  'SCHINDLER'S LIST'<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: This city is in a state of what can be called suspended inanimation. The Reagan-Gorbachev summit provided a few days of sunny spectacle, which should not be underestimated, even though there were no major new agreements.
This city is in a state of what can be called suspended inanimation. The Reagan-Gorbachev summit provided a few days of sunny spectacle, which should not be underestimated, even though there were no major new agreements.
It matters that the American and Soviet leaders, in Mr. Reagan's words, ''have decided to talk to each other and not about each other.'' It is becoming normal for there to be meetings and negotiations on subjects large and small. The more relations appear to be routine, the better it is for everybody.
Soviet officials say they feel Mr. Gorbachev's key objectives in inviting Mr. Reagan to Moscow have been fulfilled. The aims were to show the Soviet people that the leaders are getting on with each other now, and to engage the U.S. in a process that the next President will feel obliged to continue without too much of an interruption.
Mr. Gorbachev spoke of both sides becoming ''more predictable,'' and that is clearly one of his goals so that he can focus on transforming his own society. It was a sign of how determined he was to keep up an atmosphere of cordiality that official Soviet reaction to President Reagan's reception for dissidents and his vigorous human rights speech was restrained. Russians said they considered it tactless, and they were obviously displeased. But the word had been put out not to make too much of it or let it provoke a slanging match.
The big question here is perestroika, although some of the excitement it was arousing a year or six months ago is draining away. The most eager advocates are more aware now than they had been that it is going to be long and difficult. Much, probably too much, is made of the diffused resistance of the bureaucracy and middle-ranking Communists. There is a tendency to blame ordinary people, too, for being reluctant to make more effort, take more responsibility, show more initiative.
These complaints from the higher-ups are not a good sign. They should be asking themselves whether they are going about the reforms as effectively as they might, whether their own approach has something to do with the failure of the words and the plans to bring quicker results. Tatyana Zaslavskaya, an economist-sociologist who was one of the original proponents of the reforms, points out that decisions are taken and then nothing much happens. She is trying to find out why, but others indulge the old habit of blaming somebody else.
The Communist Party conference this month, which is supposed to be the watershed, is already shaping up as a compromise rather than a challenge. It will approve Mr. Gorbachev's theses, which do go a long way in changing doctrine, but it probably won't do much to put them in practice or to replace deadwood in the hierarchy. Now it is seen as a kind of referendum to show that the party and the country endorse the new ideas in principle, not really an energetic start on rolling up sleeves and getting on with the job.
Everyday life hasn't changed, and when it does it will probably get worse before it gets better. Squeezing inefficiency out of a society necessarily brings some pain. And as they move on to face the practical problems that their plans create, the reformers come increasingly to see that they will have to deal with fundamentals. They talk of changing ''mentalities,'' and few are clear about what they mean.
One who has an idea is Vitaly Korotich, the enterprising, audacious editor of Ogonyok magazine. He speaks of the ideological bureaucracy of Stalinism and ''Brezhnev's fat cats, which made us so cynical. Our religion was cynicism. Now we start to think about what kind of life we want, where we are going.''
And what does he think? He laughs wryly and says: ''I'm afraid of labels now. There are socialist Governments in France and Sweden, and we say we have socialism. There are monarchies in Britain and Saudi Arabia. But you see the huge differences. So I say what we want is a normal life.'' He shrugs and laughs again. It is a very far cry from the monumental promises of Communism, the heroic slogans, and yet in its way, it is an enormous ambition.
There is a kind of innocence about this country, which goes along with what the sociologist David Riesman called ''the gullibility of the cynical.'' There have been so many words, so many pronouncements, such a vast chasm between what is said and the real, everyday world that the connections were lost. Now it is harder than it was to reestablish them.
''The people are waiting for more sausages,'' Mr. Korotich said. ''They are watching and waiting.''  FOREIGN AFFAIRS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg stood before packed pews in one of the nation's largest black churches yesterday, the Greater Allen A.M.E. Cathedral in Jamaica, and called on the black community to join his efforts to take illegal guns off city streets. Mr. Bloomberg pointed out that 69 percent of the people killed by guns in New York last year were black, even though black people make up 27 percent of the city's population. ''We have to do something. I need your support,'' he told the roughly 2,000 people who attended a morning service. ''You've got to stand up and say: 'No more. We're not going to take it.' '' Mr. Bloomberg also urged the federal government to pass stricter legislation regulating the sale of guns. In April, he and Mayor Thomas M. Menino of Boston began a national campaign to curb the flow of illegal guns into American cities. The campaign has gained the support of 107 mayors nationwide.
FERNANDA SANTOS (NYT)<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Alan Miller is right to decry the demise of arts education in New York City's public schools ("A Performer Is Not a Teacher," Op-Ed, March 16). The loss of most professional music and art teachers through budget cuts has deprived the city's students of a most vital part of their education.
Contrary to Mr. Miller's remarks, however, teaching artists from such outside organizations as Arts Horizons come armed not only with "artistry and enthusiasm" but also with many years' experience in working with children and teachers. Rather than replacing art and music teachers, such artists are paving  the way for the return of full-time professionals, without whom true arts education cannot exist.
The Artsvision five-year plan, financed by the Annenberg Foundation grant of  $12 million (plus a targeted $24 million in matching funds), can be a first step in restoring the arts to the schools. Outside organizations should develop programs that will demonstrate to local boards, parents and principals that the  arts offer hope for real improvement in education. Teaching artists and professional teachers must work in tandem to prevent schools from "dumping arts  programs when the money runs out."
As a lifelong advocate of arts education, I urge all those who love the arts  to join in supporting the Annenberg plan, so that students may once again partake of the stimuli the arts provide to the whole educational program.
CELESTE HOLM Chairman, Arts Horizons New York, March 19, 1996<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Ricardo Mayorga kept talking all week, saying he would drop Vernon Forrest, shake up the welterweight division and put large sums of money in his family's empty pockets in Managua, Nicaragua.
It sounded like the usual prefight hyperbole for a heavy underdog, someone needing to sell tickets and interest, until one devastating overhand right to the temple of Forrest in the third round tonight changed the landscape of the division.
In a wild, winging-from-the-waist unification brawl, a fight that brought the people at the Pechanga Resort and Casino to their feet several times, Mayorga kept his 147-pound World Boxing Association championship belt and added Forrest's World Boxing Council title.
Mayorga, standing a compact 5 feet 9 inches, never backed up, trading punches with Forrest, who is a long and lean 6-1, from the opening bell. He rocked Forrest several times, but never harder than with that right hand 2 minutes 6 seconds into the third round. A follow-up left hook nearly sent Forrest out of the ring.
Forrest dropped in a spread-eagle position, slumping against the ropes. Referee Marty Denkin counted him out and stopped the bout.
Mayorga (25-3-1, 23 knockouts) leapt into his trainer's hands. As the promoter Don King began singing his praises, Mayorga lighted a victory cigarette in the ring.
Just like that, gone was the cloak of invincibility Forrest wore after he took the title from Sugar Shane Mosley and defended it against him the same year.
So much for the command Forrest displayed in that second Mosley fight in July, when he outpointed him over 12 rounds. Mayorga dealt Forrest (35-1), an Atlanta native, his first loss by goading him into a fight that his handlers did not want, one featuring all the strategy and technique needed for an afterschool scrap: a head of granite and a heart without fear.
The three brutal rounds were reminiscent of the Thomas Hearns-Marvin Hagler fight in April 1985, won by Hagler by knockout.
''He hit me, but I was fighting a clown,'' Mayorga said through a translator. ''My corner told me to take it easy. I could have finished him earlier. I don't have beautiful style, but I have strength.''
Of the knockout punch, he said: ''When I hit him with the right, I knew he was going down. Then I hit him with the left to get him out of the ring.''
Forrest was almost in shock after the fight, unaware for several seconds that it was over.
''I wanted to show I could box, fight and bang,'' he said. ''But I got caught. I think they stopped it too early.''
He added, ''Look, when you fight a guy who's kind of wild, you want to let him know right away that he needs to show you respect.''
It was that attitude that was his undoing.
Forrest entered the ring to the strains of his own rappers, holding microphones and bellowing as they climbed through the ropes. By the time he made his way to the ring, Mayorga went and held the rope for him as he jumped through. With that unusual gesture by a challenger, he was basically thanking Forrest for giving him the opportunity to take his head off.
For all his accomplishments, Forrest entered the ring with not much of a Q-rating beyond the fight community. Without a nickname like Sugar Shane's or a heartthrob following like Oscar De La Hoya's, he was not on the average sports fan's radar. All he could do was fight, throw punches from all angles with his elongated frame and move to the top of his division.
He fell a few notches tonight, undone by a warrior who would not stop throwing roundhouse rights at his head.
Mayorga scored a knockdown in the first round, though it looked more like Forrest had lost his balance. In the second round, he unleashed a wild flurry in the opening seconds. The two traded looping bombs thrown from down by their knees for the rest of the round.
Forrest did more damage, catching Mayorga flush several times. But Forrest and his corner had to be wondering if this was the kind of fight they wanted to pursue for the next few rounds. Mayorga's power in just one overhand right was clearly enough to change the course of the welterweight division.
''In my country, women give birth to men,'' Mayorga said. ''We know how to feel pain, we know what it's like to live in poverty. And that's where I came from.''
PUNCH LINES
In an undercard bout, JOEL CASAMAYOR, the former World Boxing Association superfeatherweight champion, dug out a vicious 10-round lightweight decision over NATE CAMPBELL, taking Campbell's North American Boxing Federation title. Casamayor moved to 29-1; Campbell lost for the first time in 24 fights. Casamayor, a former Cuban Olympic champion, took the fight to Campbell for most of the last three rounds and won a unanimous decision that was not indicative of how close the fight was.
BOXING<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>CASS CALDER SMITH spent much of his childhood with his mother on a commune in Northern California, where their house was made of surplus lumber.
Periodically, he would leave the commune and fly to New York, where his father, Howard Smith, lived in a West Village apartment and wrote the Scenes column for The Village Voice. ''Every day,'' Mr. Smith said, ''It was, 'Here's a pile of press passes. What do you want to do?' '' By the time he was 16, he was accompanying his father to Studio 54.
Now that he's 45, Mr. Smith is again dividing his time between New York and San Francisco, alternating coasts every two weeks. It's a schedule he adopted in 2004, when he decided to turn his architecture practice, based in San Francisco, into a national operation. In some ways, it's as if the back-and-forth occasioned by his parents' long-ago divorce continues.
But Mr. Smith no longer lives in a commune hut. In San Francisco, he turned three studio apartments on Telegraph Hill into a sleek Modernist house with postcard views. In New York, he wanted a smaller place that wouldn't require much remodeling. ''Professionally, I wanted to be able to hit the ground running,'' he said.
He found the sort of apartment he was looking for at 505 Greenwich Street, a condo building at the corner of Spring Street, with a Zen rock garden off the lobby.
The building is around the corner from Giorgione, the restaurant co-owned by Giorgio DeLuca, a founder of Dean & DeLuca. Mr. Smith found himself hanging out at the restaurant, and soon he had a commission to design Mr. DeLuca's newest place, Giorgione 508, on Greenwich Street.
Mr. Smith had proved the value of establishing an office in New York.
For the first few months, that office was in his apartment. But after renting a commercial space on Varick Street, Mr. Smith focused on making the condo homier.
He had a builder cut a four-foot-high slit into the wall between the living room and bedroom. Instantly, the two rooms felt less boxy and more connected, Mr. Smith said. Not only that, but the slit was situated so that from his living room sofa he has a view right through the bedroom -- to the Empire State Building. (Sometimes, Mr. Smith may need to be reminded which city he's in.)
His decorating scheme reflects his love of mid-20th-century design: He chose a classic Florence Knoll chair and vintage storage units from USM Haller. Though USM has been selling the modular system for more than 40 years, Mr. Smith prefers the original pieces, which he said ''have a little more character'' than new ones.
On the floor is a patchwork kilim rug, made, Mr. Smith said, ''by a guy I met on the street in Istanbul.''
Mr. Smith spent the first 10 years of his life in the West Village, where he attended Public School 41. ''My parents were both hippies, in the good way,'' Mr. Smith said. While his mother, Susan Smith, painted landscapes, his father segued from journalism to movies. In the early 1970's, Howard Smith co-produced and co-directed ''Marjoe,'' the Academy Award-winning documentary about a charismatic preacher/charlatan.
When Mr. Smith's parents broke up, he first moved with his mother and younger brother, Zachary, to a commune in Rockland County, N.Y., where the houses were Quonset huts and geodesic domes. Then came the pilgrimage to the Star Hill Academy for Anything in Woodside, Calif., a commune on 1,800 acres that included an abandoned lumber mill.
While there was no running water or electricity, Mr. Smith recalled, there was plenty of discarded wood. For three years he didn't go to school; instead, he helped to build makeshift houses, including his family's own off-kilter agglomeration of old windows and odd doors. In retrospect, that was the start of his architecture career.
''I was always a pretty entrepreneurial kid,'' Mr. Smith said.
By the time he was a teenager, he was working as a carpenter. On the commune, ''there was a lot of sitting around doing nothing,'' he said. ''That's what I rebelled against, not the politics. I was always busy.''
He continued working as a carpenter to pay his way through the University of California at Berkeley, where he attended the undergraduate and graduate architecture schools. After receiving his master's degree in architecture, he opened his own firm, which at first provided construction as well as design services.
His first big break came in San Francisco when he was asked to design Restaurant LuLu, wildly popular almost from the moment it opened in 1993. Mr. Smith quickly realized the value of highly visible projects: ''If you do a good job, where a lot of eyes will see it, it's a great thing,'' he said.
Since then Mr. Smith has designed dozens of restaurants, and he is mentioned in San Francisco food columns as often as the top chefs. His girlfriend, Kelly Lasser, is one of San Francisco's hot interior designers.
These days, Mr. Smith has assignments across the country, including redesigning the bars and restaurants at the Hyatt Regency in Atlanta, the original John Portman hotel. And his first restaurant in the Hamptons, called Townline BBQ, will open early next month. Mr. Smith described the look of the place as ''a modern dive.''
The rest of his time is spent designing houses. In addition to his work on the West Coast, which keeps 20 employees busy, he said, he has four residential projects in the Hamptons.
But don't expect him to pack a bathing suit for his trips there. He would rather be working than relaxing. Echoing Philip Johnson, Mr. Smith said, ''Why go to the beach if you could be designing a building?''
Habitats | Greenwich Street<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>GLASS--Marilyn R. On November 5. Mother of David and Jean. Grandmother of Jeremy. Sister of Allan and Phyllis. Service Friday 11:30 AM at ''The Riverside'' 76th Street and Amsterdam Avenue.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: The photographers outnumbered the drug dealers Monday night along Restaurant Row, the block of West 46th Street, between Eighth and Ninth Avenues that has become the temporary touchstone for New York City's agonized struggle with crack.
The photographers outnumbered the drug dealers Monday night along Restaurant Row, the block of West 46th Street, between Eighth and Ninth Avenues that has become the temporary touchstone for New York City's agonized struggle with crack.
Throughout the night and early yesterday morning, frequent police patrols, both uniformed and not - ''I've never seen so many bosses down here,'' said one officer -passed strolling bands of Guardian Angels, pursued by camera crews and columnists in the stifling air. The transvestites stared, transfixed by the bizarre.
The temperature was proverbially hot, but tempers were not. Politesse seemed to be the order of the night, especially between the Angels and the beat cops, who feel no special love for these muscled young men whose presence on the street, at the request and subsidy of 15 restaurant owners, is viewed by many of the officers as a public humiliation.
''I think the idea of the Guardian Angels is fine, but it doesn't always manifest itself very well,'' said another police officer, who said that given all the attention, he preferred anonymity. ''The problem is that there are good and bad Angels like there are good and bad cops and good and bad reporters. And some of them are pretty young, and they try to use their muscles instead of their brains.''
But the Angels are undoubtedly a draw, to tourists as well as reporters. Vern B. and Leonore Moore of Toronto like the Joe Allen's restaurant at home, so they came to the source at 343 West 46th Street, both Sunday and Monday evenings.
''I must say, when we came here Sunday, I was pretty shook up,'' said Mr. Moore, recently retired, who had been told about the stabbing Saturday night of a 16-year-old Guardian Angel, Illya Lichtenberg. ''The doorman said to be careful, and I thought, 'Cripes! Maybe we're naive.' ''
Mrs. Moore punched her husband's arm and said: ''I'm not naive! I wasn't the least bit afraid.''
Mr. Moore smiled crookedly, chagrined. ''I must admit I was glad to see those Guardian Angels,'' he said.
''And now it's the cleanest street in New York,'' Mrs. Moore said.
That is a significant change from a week ago, before the Guardian Angels began their patrols, residents said. John Shackelford manages the five buildings, all of them squalid residential hotels, that embody the now notorious street corner of Eighth Avenue at 46th Street. From a humid little office in the building next to St. Luke's Lutheran Church, Mr. Shackelford can see ''the dealing and the smoking and the fighting over turf and who's selling the bad stuff,'' he said in a talk around midnight yesterday.
Matters had worsened in the past month, he said, after about a dozen crack dealers were evicted from the buildings and started dealing on the street , where the summer heat would have brought them anyway. ''I've been in a lot of fights with dealers,'' said Mr. Shackelford, who wears rings on nearly every finger and a zircon earring. ''But I'm a religious man,'' he added, ''and I don't fear no man.''
The problem, he said, was that there were few police officers on patrol in the early hours, and that the city would not or could not send more. ''When the cops went home at 2 in the morning, from 2 A.M. to 8 A.M. it was like Vietnam out there. You wouldn't set foot outside that door.
''The Angels are the best thing that's ever happened to this neighborhood,'' he said. Complaints on 47th and 49th
On the stoop outside the office, a woman was asked about complaints from residents of 47th and 49th Streets that the crack dealers had simply moved their operations. ''I don't live there,'' she said, shrugging. ''I live here.'' For the Rev. Kathleen Mandeville, vicar of St. Clement's Episcopal Church on 46th Street between Ninth and Tenth Avenues, the residents' work to secure an efficient receiver for the buildings, the nonprofit Clinton Housing Development Company, was more important than the restaurant owners' importing Guardian Angels. It was Clinton Housing that went to housing court and evicted the dealers a month ago.
''You want to empower people rather than bring in outsiders to solve their problems,'' Ms. Mandeville said. ''You need mass-based community action organized around an issue, which is how drugs and economics come into play in midtown, rather than have the merchants do it.'' The Angels were fine, she said. ''But the question is who are they working for, and who sets the rules, and that needs to be addressed.'' 'Well-Behaved Crackheads'
Another resident of Restaurant Row, who asked not to be identified, said the block was well-patrolled and had never been very dangerous. He said the real problem was at the corners, near the avenues.
''The crackheads are pretty well-behaved, unsightly but not really threatening,'' he said. ''This is an issue just because crack is lapping up against the middle class. The biggest whiners in New York are the restaurant owners.''
He said he often returned home at night to find crack users smoking the powerful cocaine derivative on his stoop. ''That's unpleasant, but they usually say good evening,'' he said. ''I got home tonight around 7 to find a TV cameraman there, and he didn't move an inch or say hello.''
In the former Cafe de France, donated for the use of the Guardian Angels, there are five army cots, a shower, two televisions and two telephones. Two Angels wearing red berets festooned with animal tails lounged in front of a mural of two French milkmaids in Touraine.
It was after the 6 P.M. news and well before the 11 o'clock edition. The Angels' founder, Curtis Sliwa, was free to talk. As he described his goal of clearing crack dealers from 42d Street to 49th Street and as far west as 10th Avenue, he rubbed his midriff, as if he had indigestion. Feasting With 'Angels'
That led to a discussion of the food the restaurants were providing the Angels - ribs and all the fixings from Joe Allen's this night. ''Now we've got all this food, a lot of it these guys can't even pronounce,'' Mr. Sliwa said.
The main excitement of the night came just after 11 P.M., when a young man, Raimundo Vargas, fell from the fifth-floor fire escape of a building at 46th Street and Ninth Avenue. Luckily, he hit an awning before he hit the sidewalk.
At the Cafe de France, a witness said, Mr. Sliwa emerged to tell photographers and a French television crew, ''It's on the radio - somebody went out a window.'' The photographers raced; the writers ambled.
At the scene, ambulances and patrol cars blocked half the avenue. The police did their work while the Angels milled about, keeping back a sparse crowd. Pens sparkled in the flash of cameras, recording quotes like: ''He was a quiet guy; he kept to himself.'' Mr. Vargas was taken to a hospital. Just before 2 A.M., two police officers stood at the corner of 46th and Eighth. An Angel patrol walked by. A transvestite started to cross the street, then turned, pulling down a halter top and sticking out a tongue. A wild-eyed man, looking for crack, turned in circles. Two horse-drawn carriages, their occupants staring, clattered uptown.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Ten years ago the Office of Management and Budget began a program to eliminate unnecessary publications and information the Government had been producing for distribution or sale to the public. Much has by now been eliminated, some of it indeed unnecessary, but it appears this program has also been used deliberately to restrict the flow of important information from the Government to the people.
A revealing chronology of this process has been published by the American Library Association, which has been monitoring it since 1981. Two recent examples suggest the seriousness of the matter.
First is the annual report to Congress of the Secretary of Defense, which for many years served as a virtual public encyclopedia of data about our defense establishment, its equipment and cost to the taxpayer. However, for the last two years the report has been revised to exclude most details needed for real understanding of national security issues.
A second example is the Office of Management and Budget's midsession review of the budget, issued annually on July 15. This year, the review omitted data showing interest on the public debt. The amount of that interest, now estimated at more than $327 billion for 1993, might seem embarrassing, but it should nevertheless be published.
How can our democracy function with its Government intent on keeping us, the electorate, minimally informed? ERNEST B. DANE Great Falls, Va., Aug. 6, 1991<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>SKAF--Richard A. Sr. Passed away on June 2nd, at home after a brief illness. He is survived by his wife and children. He was born in Brooklyn, NY. He was the son of Anna and George Skaf. Survived by a sister and a brother, and several nieces and nephews. He was a member of TypoPublishers Union Local #<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Jerry E. Dempsey has been promoted to chairman of Chemical Waste Management Inc., the nation's largest hazardous-waste management company.
Mr. Dempsey, 58 years old, had been president and chief executive of the company, which is based in Oak Brook, Ill. He succeeds Dean L. Buntrock, who will remain the chairman and chief executive of Chemical Waste's parent, Waste Management Inc.
D. P. (Pat) Payne, a Waste Management senior vice president, replaces Mr. Dempsey as president and chief executive. Mr. Payne joined Waste Managment in August 1990 from I.B.M., where he was vice president and general manager for the Midwest region.
One analyst described the changes as a logical transfer of management duties at Waste Management, which plans to go public next year in Europe. Mr. Buntrock "has his hands full and is moving some of the responsibility," said Kay Hahn, director of research at the Chicago Corporation, an investment bank.
Waste Management owns 76 percent of Chemical Waste, which went public in 1986 and saw revenues nearly triple through 1990, when sales were $1.14 billion. During that period, net income more than tripled to $175 million in 1990.
Mrs. Hahn said Chemical Waste, the leader in its market "by a country mile," has grown with the industry as more and more substances have come under regulation requiring sophisticated handling and disposal methods. She added, however, that the industry's growth was stalled by the recession.
Mr. Dempsey said that one new direction the company is pursuing is the cleanup of contaminated Defense Department sites. Two years ago it established a subsidiary called Chem-Nuclear Environmental Services to develop its nuclear-waste management business.
"We see big opportunities in those Federal faciliites," he said.
Mr. Dempsey joined Waste Management in April 1984 as a director and vice chairman of the board, and was responsible for the company's strategic planning and long-range business development. He has been president and chief executive of Chemical Waste since July 1985 and has been a senior vice president of Waste Management since May 1988. Previously, Mr. Dempsey was president and chief operating officer of the Borg-Warner Corporation in Chicago, where he had worked since 1956.
Mr. Dempsey holds an M.B.A. from Georgia State University and a B.S. in mechanical engineering from Clemson University. He and his wife, Harriet, have three daughters.
During Mr. Payne's 11 years at I.B.M., he held a series of marketing and management positions, including administrative assistant to the chairman, and director of strategy evaluation in corporate finance and planning.
While Mr. Payne was senior vice president of Waste Management, his responsibilities included strategic planning, sales and marketing, information systems, human resources, quality programs and state government affairs.
Mr. Payne has a business administration degree from Texas A.& M. University. He and his wife, Patty, have two sons and a daughter.
BUSINESS PEOPLE<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Korea First Bank, 51 percent owned by Newbridge Capital, reported a net profit of 12.4 billion won ($10.4 million) for the first quarter compared with 26.8 billion won a year earlier. The bank, the smallest of South Korea's eight commercial banks, said the loss was in large part a result of the need to provide extra funds to cover defaults in credit card payments. Most other South Korean banks have also reported large declines in first-quarter earnings as a result of delinquent payments on o credit card loans.
Don Kirk (NYT)<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Montenegro's governing pro-independence coalition appeared to have won a majority in the general election on Sunday, giving it the authority to complete terms of a looser relationship with Serbia, its partner in the Yugoslav federation. The vote was essentially a test of public confidence in President Milo Djukanovic, who agreed under heavy pressure from the European Union to drop demands for outright independence for the next three years. Projections showed Mr. Djukanovic's bloc winning about 39 seats in the 75-member Parliament
Daniel Simpson (NYT)<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The Federal Reserve yesterday approved the merger of Citicorp and Travelers Group Inc., a combination that would create the world's largest financial services company, subject to the divestiture of some key insurance activities within five years.
The Fed action removes the last obstacle to the merger and allows for the deal to be completed by early next month. The Justice Department also announced yesterday that it had no antitrust problems with the merger, which would create a new company, to be called Citigroup, with assets of $751 billion and operations in banking, brokerage and insurance businesses.
The Fed will also require Citigroup to divest itself of a number of businesses within the next two years in order to comply with the 1956 Banking Holding Company Act. A bill to overturn that 1956 law, which would allow Citigroup to be created with very few divestitures, is now wending its way through Congress.
If that bill is not approved, Citigroup would be faced with having to sell the Travelers insurance underwriting operations -- along with its real estate management and investment operations, the trading of physical commodities and its oil and gas exploration business.
The Fed, however, did agree to allow Salomon Smith Barney, the securities arm of Travelers, to continue many of its securities activities for two years.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>An airliner carrying Muslim pilgrims home to Nigeria crashed in flames today while trying to make an emergency landing shortly after takeoff, killing at least 261 people, officials and witnesses said.
The DC-8 plane nose-dived onto the tarmac and exploded, scattering bodies across the Saudi desert, airport officials and the witnesses said.
There were no survivors, but the exact number of people aboard the plane was in dispute. The plane, leased from the Montreal-based carrier Nationair by a Nigerian company, Holdtrade, was flying from Jidda to Sokoto, Nigeria. Report of 'Technical Trouble'
The Saudi and Nigerian Governments said that 261 people, including a 14-member crew, were on the plane. The Nigerian Government said the crew included Americans and Canadians, but Nationair reported later that all of the crew members were Canadian.
If the toll of 261 dead is confirmed, the crash would be the 10th-worst commercial air disaster on record.
Airport officials, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said the pilot was trying to return to King Abdel-Aziz international airport after reporting "technical trouble."
Other aviation employees said the pilot had reported fire in the plane's landing gear. They said he was advised to dump his fuel and return, but that the plane hit the ground and exploded into pieces about half a mile from the main runway.  Robes Reduced to Tatters
Khaled Nazer, an editor of the Arab News, an English-language daily in Jidda, said the bodies of some passengers were burned and dismembered, and their white robes "reduced to black tatters."
Holdtrade, which charters aircraft to carry Muslim pilgrims, was set up by Ibrahim Dasuki, son of the spiritual leader of Nigeria's Muslims, the Sultan of Sokoto.
The Nigerians were returning home after performing the hajj, an annual Muslim pilgrimage to the holy cities of Mecca and Medina.
The hajj is frequently marred by accidental deaths or political or religious attacks. Until the crash today, this year's pilgrimage season had been relatively free of trouble.  Dispute on Passenger List
In Nigeria, thousands of relatives of the victims massed at the Lagos airport and in the Sokoto offices of Nigeria Airlines and the charter company to await information on the crash. Sokoto is in the heartland of Muslim-dominated northern Nigeria.
The Saudi and Nigerian Governments said in separate announcements that 261 people, including a 14-member crew, were aboard the plane. The Nigerian announcement said the crew included Americans and Canadians, but it could not be verified that Americans were on board.
An agent at Areen Travel in Jidda, which arranged the charter, said 249 Nigerian passengers and a crew of 11 Canadians, one Briton, one Irishwoman and a French citizen were aboard the flight.
But Nationair officials said their plane was carrying 250 passengers and a crew of 14 -- four from Toronto and the rest from other parts of Ontario. The discrepancies could not be immediately reconciled.
Nationair was founded in the mid-1980's by a Montreal businessman, Robert Obadia.
Last year, in the worst hajj disaster in modern times, 1,426 pilgrims died in a stampede in a pedestrian tunnel connecting holy sites at Mecca.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Jerome James is the largest player on the Knicks, and Trevor Ariza is the lankiest. Each is going through tough times on a team that is 13 games under .500.
On Wednesday, they were the subject of scrutiny as the Knicks went through another practice, still basking in Monday's 140-133 triple-overtime victory over Phoenix.
Neither player took part in that game, with James having been suspended indefinitely for arriving for practice Sunday in poor condition to play and Ariza having been demoted to third string after a stint as the starting small forward.
Ariza, a second-year player, was taken aback Monday when he was taken out of the rotation and informed by a Knicks public relations official -- and not Coach Larry Brown -- about the decision.
But Brown seemed in no mood to offer any apologies Wednesday. He said that in a season that has featured a constant stream of new lineups, it did not bode well for the 20-year-old Ariza if he was overly upset at being benched.
''If he's miffed, then he's not as smart as I think he is,'' Brown said.
The 6-foot-8 Ariza, who was a second-round draft pick after his freshman season at U.C.L.A., was thought to be an important piece of the Knicks' youth movement and had been a starter as recently as Dec. 23. But while he is able to guard his man well and play the passing lanes, he is not fully formed as a scorer. And this season, he has shown few signs of improvement.
Although Ariza works on his outside shot regularly after practice, he is hesitant to take it in a game. He is averaging fewer than 5 points a game and appears to be preoccupied on offense, as if he is trying to read a playbook while he runs around the court.
Brown said he was not concerned that he had alienated Ariza, who sat courtside after practice talking to Isiah Thomas, the team's president, and left the gym as reporters huddled around Brown.
''I'm not worried about it,'' Brown said. ''He had a great practice. His thing is he's a young player and he'll have an opportunity to play. It's entirely up to him.''
Asked about how big an issue coach-player communication is for a team, Brown answered that it was huge. He then added that he did not owe Ariza an explanation for the manner in which he learned that he was demoted.
''Guys know,'' Brown said. ''I don't buy this -- Trevor knows. He knows why he didn't get to play. I believe it's important to communicate, but sometimes by your actions, you know.''
He said that the rookies David Lee and Channing Frye spent four years in college and seemed better equipped for the learning ladder of the N.B.A. than Ariza. Lee began the season on the inactive list, played sparingly for two weeks, was deactivated for seven games and was still impressive with a 23-point, 15-rebound performance in the victory over Phoenix.
''They've been taught the value of being part of a team,'' Brown said of Lee and Frye. ''They don't take anything that's given to them for granted. They don't feel empowered that since they are in the N.B.A., they are going to play right away.''
Brown was less talkative about James, who participated in practice even though he remained suspended.
Asked if the fact that he was practicing was an indication that he would be reactivated, James demurred. ''I don't know,'' he said.
Asked repeatedly about his emotional state, about the fairness of the suspension and about whether he would appeal it, James politely refused to answer.
James's season has been a disappointment. Though thought of as a foul-prone underachiever, James was signed to a lucrative long-term deal last summer with the intent that he would become the Knicks' starting center. But before long, the Knicks acquired the younger and more talented Eddy Curry, making the 7-foot-1 James less relevant, and the season has turned into one of injuries, poor conditioning and too many fouls for him.
''You never expect this, but it's the lows and highs of the N.B.A.,'' James said.
He pegged his current health at about 70 percent and said that injuries had been the cause of his poor conditioning.
''It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that if you're hurt, you can't work,'' he said. ''If you can't work, you can't stay in condition.''
BASKETBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Bristol-Myers Squibb and Merck had a setback yesterday in their plans to market a first-of-its-kind diabetes medication that aims to control blood sugar while also lowering cholesterol.
The Food and Drug Administration deferred approval of the drug, Pargluva, and asked for more information about its cardiovascular safety. The companies said the agency wanted additional information from patient trials completed since Bristol-Myers and Merck submitted data in support of their application.
The F.D.A. decision, which found the drug approvable if additional information was submitted, followed an advisory panel meeting in September in which the agency sought guidance on the drug's cardiovascular safety. Although it noted safety concerns, the panel recommended approval.
Bristol-Myers, which developed Pargluva, had hoped the drug would reinvigorate its diabetes franchise, which has been struggling against generic competition. Partly because of the company's relatively small and specialized sales force, Bristol-Myers teamed with Merck, which was to supply marketing muscle.
In a research note yesterday, the investment banking and brokerage house Friedman Billings Ramsey predicted a delay of about a year in Pargluva's introduction, to late 2006, and slightly lowered its earnings estimates for both companies.
A pool of five studies submitted by the companies revealed that patients receiving Pargluva suffered about double the risk of cardiovascular deaths or other adverse events -- ranging from angina to heart attack and stroke -- compared with patients receiving sugar pills or another drug.
Despite those questions about heart attack and stroke, the F.D.A.'s advisory panel last month did not include a cardiologist. The one board-certified cardiologist who normally sits on the panel reviewing diabetes drugs, Dr. Jorge Plutzky of Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston, did not participate in the Pargluva review, citing a potential conflict of interest.
Dr. Plutzky is an expert on the class of drugs that includes Pargluva, called dual PPAR-agonists, and he has served as a consultant to both Bristol-Myers and Merck. He has also given talks on PPAR-agonists that were paid for by Bristol-Myers.
During the advisory panel meeting, members seemed confused over the cardiovascular profile of the drug, at first appearing to tilt against its approval but finally approving it 8 to 1, with some members urging additional safety studies.
In response to a reporter's question yesterday about the makeup of the advisory panel, the F.D.A. released a statement saying the agency had ''the appropriate experts represented'' to answer its questions about the drug. ''Endocrinologists routinely treat diabetes and lipid problems in the prevention of cardiovascular disease, and so they are intimately familiar with the cardiovascular risk,'' the statement said.
During the September hearing, the panel members said they found comfort in the fact that beyond the five studies submitted and another five already under way, the companies planned four more, including a long-term study of cardiovascular safety.
After the panel's vote last month, Friedman Billings Ramsey lowered its 2008 sales estimate for Pargluva, to $600 million, from $950 million.
Friedman Billings cited questions over the drug's cardiovascular risks and a separate decision by the F.D.A. advisory panel that the drug should not be taken along with sulfonylureas, an oral medication to lower blood sugar that is used by about one-third of those with diabetes in the United States. The sulfonylureas stricture appeared to limit the potential market for the drug.
Yesterday, Friedman Billings lowered 2006 and 2007 earnings estimates for Bristol-Myers by 3 cents and 7 cents respectively, and lowered Merck earning estimates for 2006 by 1 cent.
Bristol-Myers fell 26 cents yesterday, to close at $22.22 a share, while Merck ended the day at $27.05 a share, down 3 cents.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Off and on for months, a bulldozer has been scratching around on the grassy lot down near the end of my block, rattling me out of bed before 7 A.M. I would resent it less if I knew why. Dirt has moved from one pile to another, with no discernible program.
The very fact that excavators have arrived in my remote neck of the East Village is testament to the fate of J.R. He was the block's shady patriarch, our enigmatic alpha-neighbor. Until he went ''away,'' as we've learned to say here euphemistically, he protected us from noisy progress.
For two decades, J.R headed up a vibrant heroin bazaar on the stoop next to a dingy midblock Laundromat. Appropriately, he and his colleagues dubbed themselves ''the Laundromat Crew,'' and stamped their heroin ''Laundromat'' too. It was so enduringly popular among college kids that it has been mythologized in literature and music.
The Crew members lived among us -- or we among them -- in a bemused coalition: Puerto Ricans and yuppies, poets and punks. But the teeming sidewalks always belonged to the Crew. The rest of us were greeted vociferously when we passed. But pass we must. If I stopped to tie a shoelace, a firm voice would goose me along: Keep walking, keep walking, guy. I put up with the second-class relegation for 15 years. We all did. As long as J.R. was in charge, we knew, his would be the only crimes here. That was our dirty compromise.
J.R.'s career was a fixation of mine nonetheless. He was the first person who greeted me on the hot afternoon in 1981 when I landed here. He was 26 then and had spent time in the military, his only experience off the block. At 22, I had just arrived from Kalamazoo, Mich. Here we were, both ebullient, with little money and enormous ambition, I thought.
He was less generous. ''Great,'' J.R. spat as I tramped past him in the lobby that day, ''another white fag on the block.'' Over the years, as J.R. went gray and I went bald, his tolerance for me blossomed. I doubt he ever learned my name. But he never threw brickbats again.
Meanwhile, his customers lined up 15 deep outside the Laundromat to crease tiny envelopes into their palms. Rooftop spotters transmitted warnings to the sellers down below using cries of Spanish code words like Feo and Bajando. On some nights, their canopy of cries could seem as mysterious and beautiful as a jungle aviary.
They were purportedly doing $50,000 a week in business, though I often wondered where the money went. J.R. cultivated a Spartan life. He didn't even own a car. I have since learned that he helped many people with rent or veterinary bills they couldn't otherwise afford. But such token charity can't consume $2.6 million a year.
The denouement, when it came two years ago, was a scene out of a dime-store novel. In seeming slow motion, an army of officers arrived just before 11 P.M. A helicopter whirred overhead, projecting a cone of light over the dingy coin-op, where Crew members were handcuffed in clumsy succession. Well after midnight, J.R., then 41, made a Billy Jack-like appearance. The cops cuffed him with a flourish, I'm told by witnesses. His doting mother, who swings an unbending leg when she walks, gripped his shirt sleeve and unleashed a surreal and memorable cry.
I was curious to read that J.R., whom the tabloids would dub ''Little John Gotti,'' didn't spring for a fancy attorney, and instead of fighting the charges, had his lawyer negotiate a plea. He was sentenced last fall to a dozen years, his first-ever trip to jail. The rest of the Crew got stiff sentences, too.
News of their disposition fluttered down upon the block like black organza. And the earth-moving equipment followed. All winter long the speculation was wild about what the new construction might bring. A police station. AIDS housing. N.Y.U. dorms. Last month, the construction crew posted a permit for 85 apartments over six floors, but one of the foremen undermined the sign's authority. ''It's 125 luxury units on seven floors,'' he was telling people.
As I stood over the muddy hole the other day, I marveled at how one gaping mystery has supplanted another. And then a tempting idea entered my mind: What if there's no building at all? What if, somewhere in that turbid crevice, J.R. has stashed his treasure? Could this wheezing and pounding be directed by him, to remove or replace or replenish the hoard?
Then another thought struck: Keep walking, keep walking, guy.  David France is writing a book on F.B.I. surveillance of gay- liberation groups.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The Transportation Department says flying over Afghanistan is not safe, even for a Swiss plane, and Swissair, to its surprise, has just found out it will have to stop. Delta and Swissair have a code-sharing agreement on Swissair flights from Zurich. In February flights began to Delhi, and in April to Singapore and Bangkok, and they flew over Afghanistan. The Transportation Department has barred American-flag carriers from Afghanistan since May 1994; nine months later it extended the ban to code-share partners. Swissair has agreed to reroute the flights and pay a $50,000 fine, half to be refunded if there are no violations for a  year.
MATTHEW L. WALD
TRAVEL ADVISORY: AIRLINE<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Residents of Newark's Ironbound section, who once feared they would lose their only park, will now have two.
Yesterday, Newark and Essex County officials unveiled plans for a  $4 million, 8.2-acre park adjacent to the existing Riverbank Park along the Passaic River. Riverbank Park had been chosen as the site for a minor league baseball stadium but county and city officials chose another site after a public outcry over what would have been the loss of the park as open space.
The new park, to be called Riverfront Park at Brill Street, was originally intended as a replacement for Riverbank ParK, but will now be built as a complement to it, said Pamela E. Goldstein, a spokeswoman for Mayor Sharpe James of Newark. Riverbank has been closed for 18 months because of industrial contamination but is to reopen sometime next year, Ms. Goldstein said.
Joseph Della Fave, president of the Ironbound Community Corporation, a residents' group that had opposed the stadium, said he welcomed the new park, which will include soccer fields, tennis and basketball courts, and space for roller skating and in-line hockey.
METRO NEWS BRIEFS: NEW JERSEY<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Thomas F. Fennell 2d, a retired lawyer who was an expert in labor arbitration, died on Thursday at his home in Manhattan. He was 87 years old.
He died of cardiac arrest, a family spokesman said.
Mr. Fennell joined the Manhattan firm of Shearman & Sterling in 1943, and had been of counsel to it since 1987. He was an innovator in arbitration and represented several private bus companies in New York City.
From 1972 to 1988, he handled arbitration involving the Algerian National Oil Company and the construction of a pipeline by a consortium of French and Italian companies.
A 1929 graduate of Cornell University Law School, Mr. Fennell was named to Cornell's Athletic Hall of Fame two years ago for his national renown as an end on its football team in 1925 and his three years as university heavyweight boxing champion.
He is survived by five sons, Thomas 3d, Rupert and Philip, all of Manhattan, Daniel, of Philadelphia, and John of Tucson, Ariz., and eight grandchildren.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3*Community Bankshares
Qtr to Sept 30
1990
1989
Net inc
260,000
182,000
Per share
.15
.11<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: A 9-year-old Staten Island boy was shot in the back from a passing vehicle as he walked down Castleton Avenue near his home in St. George yesterday afternoon, the police said.
A 9-year-old Staten Island boy was shot in the back from a passing vehicle as he walked down Castleton Avenue near his home in St. George yesterday afternoon, the police said.
The boy was in stable condition at Staten Island Hospital after receiving five stitches in his back, according to Sgt. Raymond O'Donnell, a police spokesman. A hospital spokesman said that the boy was ''doing very well'' and that his injury was not life-threatening.
The bullet, which was fired from a vehicle traveling west on Castleton Avenue, went through the boy's body and out his chest, Sergeant O'Donnell said.
The boy, who was not identified by the police because he is a minor and a crime victim, fell to the street in front of 9 Castleton Avenue, between Jersey Street and Pine Street, at 4:18 P.M.
Witnesses gave conflicting reports on the vehicle. Some said it was a pickup truck with two occupants. Others said it was a brown van with tinted windows.
Sergeant O'Donnell said that there was no apparent motive for the shooting and that no weapon had been recovered.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A music listing on Page 31 of Arts & Leisure today for the Knickerbocker Bar and Grill in Manhattan has become outdated. The artist and jazz saxophonist Larry Rivers, who was scheduled to appear with Peter Calandra and Stomu, died on Wednesday, after the section had gone to press.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3*Amerada Hess Corp. (NYSE)
Qtr to March 31
1991
1990
Revenue
2,035,000,000
1,661,600,000
Net inc
b75,700,000
39,700,000
Share earns
.93
.49
b-Included gain of $ 46,200,000, or 57 cents a share, from the settlement of litigation relating to natural gas sales contracts. Revenue represented total revenues.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Ed Sher, a 38-year-old St. Louis lawyer, is nothing if not goal-oriented. A bit of a tennis fanatic, he has his sights set on winning the Meadowbrook Country Club Tennis Championship in August.
With that goal etched in his mind, he plays several times a week and also works out with Dale Huff, owner of Nutriformance Personal Training and Sports Nutrition, a private company in St. Louis, to give him an edge over his 15 middle-aged peers.
In their hourlong weekly workout, Mr. Sher does specific exercises designed to build strength and increase flexibility to help him move better on the court and hit the ball harder.
''Our workout is intense and focused, because if I'm going to do something I don't want to do it halfway,'' Mr. Sher said. ''Rather than just aimlessly exercise, I do specific exercises to target and improve the range of motion for movements that are necessary to play tennis.''
Sports-specific exercise used to be limited to high-stakes, elite-level competitors. But now growing numbers of recreational athletes who participate in a wide range of sports are hiring trainers to help them build specific muscles and hone their technique to meet more modest goals.
Sports-specific training is a phenomenon that has been increasing sharply among amateur athletes recently, said Richard Cotton, chief exercise physiologist for the American Council on Exercise, a fitness watchdog organization. The council, in San Diego, recently named sports-specific training as one of its key fitness trends for 2000.
The trend is particularly striking among golfers. People used to think that if golfers got too strong, they would lose their touch,  Mr. Cotton said. But now it is clear that specific strength exercises can help them hit the ball farther without sacrificing flexibility or finesse.
Dr. Wayne L. Westcott, co-author of ''Complete Conditioning for Golf'' (Human  Kinetics, 1999), has conducted several studies that have looked at the effects of exercise conditioning on recreational golfers. He found that those who participated in an eight-week program of strength training and stretching targeted to the muscles and joints used in golf improved their swing and could hit the ball farther than those who did not.
''What's especially significant is that we conducted these studies during the winter months when the participants weren't playing golf because of the weather,'' said Dr. Westcott, who is also the fitness research director of the South Shore Y.M.C.A. in Quincy, Mass. ''The improvements were due almost solely to gains in strength and flexibility.''
Mr. Cotton, himself a weekend golfer, has designed a program to help him improve his own game. Along with running three times a week, he also works out regularly with weights and swings a weighted golf club.
''I do a full-body weight workout with dumbbells because golf motions require full-body strength,'' said Mr. Cotton, who lives in Carlsbad, Calif., and plays golf a couple of times a month. ''The weighted club helps build those muscles like the forearm that are specific to golf.''
The increased popularity of local running and bicycle races and triathlons has also helped fuel the sports-specific trend. Registration is up at running events and triathlons, more events have been scheduled and the variety of events has expanded in recent years, said Wayne Langan, vice president of RaceDates.com (www.racedates.com), a Web search calendar for recreational sporting events.
Jennie Cook, a Los Angeles caterer, plans to compete in three triathlons and a 100-mile bike race this year. She works with two trainers, who provide her with specific workouts to help increase endurance, speed and bicycle technique.
''I love competition, but the reality is that I'm 40, and I've got three kids so I really am doing this for fun,'' Ms. Cook said. ''But still, I want to do well in these events.''
Tapping into the movement, some health clubs have added sports-specific training classes, like the Ski and Snowboard Conditioning Program at Equinox in New York City. Instructors who teach Spinning, the stationary cycling exercise, even include a competitive element. Spinning classes prepare participants for race day, an in-class event that simulates an actual bike race, a kind of stationary Tour de France, albeit shorter and indoors.
Some people use the classes to prepare for outdoor cycling competition, while others simply give it their all on race day.
''Students train specifically for race day and then get a charge from simulating a real race,'' said Steve Smith, the group fitness coordinator for C.S. First Boston corporate fitness center in New York City, which offers Spinning. ''But even though I try to give them actual race conditions, the competition is really within themselves. That's what motivates them to come, train and stay in cardiovascular shape.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Long before any other player left this afternoon's pre-game skate, Eric Fichaud grabbed his goalie sticks and headed for the dressing room, eager to look around the new Molson Center.
The day was going far too quickly as far as the 21-year-old Islanders goaltender was concerned. Having grown up a bus ride away from the old Montreal  Forum, today he was experiencing one of those homecomings that happen every so often in sports.
This is a dream come true; there's no doubt," Fichaud said. "When I was younger, it was my dream to play for the Montreal Canadiens. Now I'm with the other guys, so it's my dream to beat them."
But Fichaud, playing in front of his parents for the first time as a professional, soon found out that many similar dreams have died in the city acclaimed as hockey's mecca.
Montreal skated to a 4-1 victory over the Islanders in a somewhat uninspired  affair that saw New York lose its sixth game in a row.
Mark Recchi, Turner Stevenson, Craig Rivet and Vincent Damphousse scored for  the Canadiens. Travis Green's 21st goal of the year was New York's lone marker.
The Canadiens' Jocelyn Thibault faced 28 shots, while Fichaud contended with  31. The Islanders saw their record fall to 20-44-8, last in the Atlantic Division.
"I don't think it was Fichaud's best effort tonight," Coach Mike Milbury said. "The first goal was particularly bad, but then we didn't do a lot to support him through the rest of the game."
Fichaud, who requested 16 tickets for family and friends, said he was going to remain positive, despite the disappointing loss.
"We are a pretty young team and they are fighting for a playoff spot," he said. "Every loss is tough, but just being in a game like tonight is a great experience."
Less than a minute in, the Canadiens tested the young goaltender. Damphousse  took a drop pass and fired a slap shot that rang off the post. And for a while -- albeit, a short while -- it looked as if Fichaud might prevail over his longtime friend, Thibault.
After a half period that saw good scoring chances at both ends, the Islanders jumped on the scoreboard when Zigmund Palffy circled the net and slipped a pass  out to Green, who feathered a shot over the horizontal Montreal goalie.
But the Canadiens quickly tied the game on Recchi's goal, and took the lead a minute into the second period on Stevenson's solo effort.
HOCKEY<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Handel is ubiquitous in today's opera world, but there are still relatively few opportunities to hear other operas written in Handel's day. So it was a treat on Friday night to hear Caramoor's presentation of ''Don Quixote in Sierra Morena,'' written in 1719 by an Italian composer, player of the theorbo (a kind of lute) and forgotten artistic star of the Viennese court named Francesco Conti.
''Don Quixote'' (or ''Don Chisciotte,'' to give him his Italian spelling) was a big hit in its day, and it's easy to see why. It shares with Cervantes's original novel not only a plot and vivid characterizations but also a self-referential, self-mocking tone that mingles comedy with seriousness (its authors called it a tragicommedia) and gently pokes fun at the conventions of its own genre.
Using stock features of opera seria -- the bickering but affectionate master and servant; loving couples thwarted and reunited on the flimsiest of pretexts; unexpected obstacles appearing from nowhere; a central figure not directly caught up in the subplots -- it also mocks them. There are florid arias in which characters express overblown emotions; there are characters drawing attention to their own ridiculousness (like the madman who emerges from the forest and explains to Don Chisciotte that he is too mad to listen to what he's saying).
Conti's music is also catchy and effective, with a few choral ensembles and a scattering of duets among the da capo arias. There's also an inordinate amount of action, much of it conveyed in recitative, which was here judiciously pared down to bring the opera in at under three hours.
This opera is a perfect vehicle for younger artists, with lots of characters and in a vocal style that is increasingly de rigueur in today's training programs. Friday's performance was a showcase of Caramoor's young-artist program (now called the Caramoor Bel Canto Soloists), and the performance standards were definitely those of a student production. There were some promising voices, some areas that needed work, some oversinging, and a lot of eager young people having fun.
Conti's singers must have had amazing ranges. His Chisciotte, certainly, was a famed virtuoso, and Steven Tharp, the one nonyoung artist on the roster, acquitted himself well (particularly in his showpiece aria at the end of Act I), with a clear tenor and a good lower extension.
Also range-testing was the soprano role of Lucinda, one of the four young lovers, opening with an aria that started high and sank low; Kelly Sawatsky showed a fine, healthy voice and managed it well, although her round sound thinned out a bit later in the evening. Rachel Cobb, as the maidservant at the inn, had a warm sound but sang with a slightly manic energy that often carried her right off her pitches. David Eckstrom showed a promising large tenor as Lope. Beatriz Mora had a round light soprano; Inna Dukach, one that was a bit hard-edged but stood up well to hard use (since in the role of Dorotea she was both a lovesick maiden and a foil for Chisciotte).
Juan Carlos Rivas, the conductor, ran the gamut from mezzopiano to mezzoforte; despite his limitations the Orchestra of St. Luke's did reasonably well. Robert Wolinsky did yeoman service at the harpsichord.
CARAMOOR REVIEW<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
''My Dog Days,'' by Arthur Phillips (Op-Ed, June 10), gave me those warm, fuzzy feelings and made my eyes tear.
People who adopt from animal shelters will tell you that it's not only a rewarding experience, but also that shelters are filled with a smorgasbord of the most amazing, delightful, intelligent dogs you'll ever find on the planet.
There are puppies with puppy breath and slobbery kisses; young dogs with enthusiasm, devotion and intelligence; older dogs with patience, loyalty and wisdom. You can find purebreds, mixed breeds and designer dogs. But one thing they all have in common is the strongest desire imaginable to love you, protect you and bond with you.
When that happens, you'll understand the bond between human and companion animal of which Mr. Phillips wrote.
Sherrill Durbin  Tulsa, Okla., June 12, 2007
To the Editor:
It's strange, I have started to do the same thing as Arthur Phillips -- counting my years by my beloved whippet, Gracie. Cherishing her puppy days but also cherishing every moment we have together, and all the smiles and laughs because of her.
Life is so much better with a dog friend at your side.
Karen Benzel  Carmel-by-the-Sea, Calif.  June 11, 2007<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>EVENING HOURS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
The Jan. 27 obituary of Jose Ferrer, the actor, writer, producer and director, who was also successful as an opera singer and a musician, correctly states that he was born in Santurce, Puerto Rico. But you err in asserting that his parents were from Spain.
Mr. Ferrer came from a family with deep roots in Puerto Rico. His father, Rafael Ferrer, a writer and lawyer, was from San Juan; and his mother, Maria Providencia Cintron, from Yabucoa. The family is known in Puerto Rico for its professional, political and cultural contributions.
For Puerto Ricans, your assertion that Mr. Ferrer's parents were Spaniards is not a trivial inaccuracy. You, like the rest of the news media, report when a criminal, suspect or accused person is Puerto Rican. But when the story is about a Puerto Rican who succeeded or excelled, Puerto Ricanness becomes inconsequential.
As an expression of affection for his people, Jose Ferrer donated the Oscar he received in 1950 for "Cyrano de Bergerac" to the University of Puerto Rico. The obituary also failed to indicate that the university granted Mr. Ferrer an honorary doctorate in 1949. GILBERTO PAGAN JR. Colonia, N.J., Feb. 5, 1992<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3*Sherritt Gordon (SE)
Qtr to Mar 31
1994
1993
Revenue
127,112,000
95,190,000
Net inc
1,756,000
b11,924,000
Share earns
.03
(.28)
Shares outst
53,395,000
42,628,000
b-Net loss (Loss) Results are in Canadian dollars. The company is listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: To the Editor:
To the Editor:
"Worse Than a Blunder: a Crime" (editorial, Feb. 9), on the Iran-contra arms affair, points out that United States law forbids arms shipments to a state that sponsors terrorism -- such as Iran.
True, but why stop there?  My dictionary defines terrorism as "the use of terror, violence or intimidation to achieve an end." Ample evidence from Nicaragua indicates that the contras do just that.
As a former contra leader, Edgar Chamorro, acknowledged (letter, Jan. 9, 1986), "during my four years as a contra director, it was premeditated policy to terrorize civilian noncombatants to prevent them from cooperating with the government." He continued: "Hundreds of civilian murders, mutilations, tortures and rapes were committed in pursuit of this policy, of which the contra leaders and their C.I.A. superiors were well aware." An Americas Watch report (news story, Feb. 10) confirms that contra brutality continues unabated.
The dictionary definition of terrorism doesn't ask whether the perpetrators are Islamic fundamentalists or anti-Communist "freedom fighters"; it doesn't ask whether the victims are American tourists or Nicaraguan peasants.  Premeditated violence against civilians, whatever its alleged justification, is called by its true name.
So you are absolutely right that the Iran-contra arms shipments are more than a blunder; they are a crime.  But the crime is not just that zealots in the White House carried out their Nicaragua policy behind the backs of Congress.  The crime is the policy itself.  As long as the U.S. continues to finance and direct the contra war, then simple honesty requires us to acknowledge that our own country is, like Iran, a state that sponsors terrorism.
ALAN SOKAL, Professor of Politics, N.Y.U., New York, Feb. 10, 1987<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>SCHEIBE--Judith F. Passed away on June 9, 2005 following a courageous battle with gastric cancer. Beloved wife of Robert Scheibe, adored mother of Alexandra (Kyle Taylor) and Gabrielle, and dear sister of Elihu Rose (Gail) & sister-in-law of Peter Scheibe (Margaret Gelfuso). Judi was a wonderful, caring, sensitive, brave and beautiful person who will be missed terribly. The enormity of our loss can not be expressed in words. Service at 11:30 AM, Sunday, June 12, 2005 at Riverside Memorial Chapel, 76th and Amsterdam, NY, NY. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to Mount Sinai School of Medicine, Division of Surgical Oncology, 1 Gustave L. Levy Place, Box 1259, New York, New York 10029, C/O Dr. Daniel M. Labow.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>IT may be a slow night in Fort Smith, Ark., but inside the cavernous Knights of Columbus ballroom on the outskirts of town, the joint is jumping. More than 200 investors have gathered to hear Louis G. Navellier, founder of the Navellier family of growth funds, expound on the markets and make his pitch for a slice of their savings.
In a corner, a dapper man with a drum set and other assorted instruments has been serenading the crowd with Sinatra standards, but he breaks into a rousing rendition of ''Louie, Louie'' as Mr. Navellier bounds onto the stage.
''I love this market and I am obsessed with Eliot Spitzer,'' Mr. Navellier shouts to the audience during his speech. He is referring, of course, to the crusading attorney general from New York, whose investigation into trading abuses at mutual fund companies has roiled a once smug and placid industry. ''A lot of us on Wall Street are excited about his latest purge.''
With a traveling salesman's zeal, Mr. Navellier, 46, has been spending four days a week flying across the country in his corporate jet, pitching his modest fleet of growth funds to brokers and financial advisers throughout small-town America. In his presentations, he enthuses about a renaissance in growth stocks -- and about Mr. Spitzer, whom he considers a boon to his business.
''Those of us who have not been indicted are really excited by Mr. Spitzer,'' he told a lunchtime crowd of investors in Wilmington, N.C., on the same day earlier this month. ''I think we will all benefit from it.''
But the ''I love Eliot Spitzer'' marketing pitch that Mr. Navellier has been trotting out for clients and brokers seems a bit counterintuitive, to say the least. After all, state and federal regulators have been excoriating the mutual fund industry for its rich fees and cozy, toothless boards. And with his high fees, fleet of planes and complicated history with trustees, Mr. Navellier is hardly a poster boy for best practices in the fund industry, critics say.
To be sure, Mr. Navellier has not been associated with any trading abuses. But the way he runs his funds, including his recent marketing blitz, suggests that it is largely business as usual in much of the $7 trillion mutual fund industry.
''It's surprising that he is embracing Eliot, given his high fee structure. I'm not sure how good that is for him,'' said Geoff Bobroff, a mutual fund consultant who has followed Mr. Navellier's career for years. ''Louis is a colorful player and a good stock picker. But he comes from a school of flamboyant momentum investors.''
No one has railed against steep fees more than Mr. Spitzer. He is now in settlement talks with Alliance, the fund management company, that could result in the company cutting its fees, a rare move for the mutual fund industry. Alliance, which has acknowledged that it allowed short-term trading in its funds, has an average fee structure of 1.7 percent of assets -- just a bit higher than what Mr. Navellier charges.
Mr. Navellier defends his fees by pointing out that they are capped at 1.49 percent of assets. ''My fees are higher because I'm a growth manager,'' he said. ''I trade more than other managers and need more traders.'' If and when Alliance lowers its fees in response to Mr. Spitzer, however, Mr. Navellier and others could come under pressure to charge less.
As for governance, Mr. Navellier gained some renown in 1997, when the trustees of one of his mutual funds fired him as investment adviser, citing his unwillingness to disclose financial information about his management company. For trustees to take such an action was as rare then as it is now: mutual fund boards were, and still are, known for doing the bidding of the fund companies that appoint them. They hardly ever fire their managers.
The board of Mr. Navellier's fund went on to hire another management company, but shareholders did not vote the new team in, causing the trustees to resign and Mr. Navellier to be rehired. He now says that the new trustees on his board are independent, although he acknowledges that one of them is a former college professor of his.
Mr. Navellier, who admits to a litigious streak, chose to sue his former trustees, saying they violated their fiduciary duty to investors by firing him; he sought damages of $35 million. A federal court jury ruled in favor of the trustees. One of them, Kenneth Sletten, is still seeking close to $3 million in reimbursement of legal fees from Mr. Navellier as a result of that suit.
Some of his former trustees say that they are surprised to see Mr. Navellier aligning himself with Mr. Spitzer. Donald Simon, one of the three independent trustees who resigned from Mr. Navellier's board, said: ''I would find it amusing if he is leading the charge in governance when seven years ago it was a different attitude. Maybe he has learned this is the way to go. If he felt this seven years ago, we would not have had a problem.''
MR. NAVELLIER leans back in a plush leather seat of his Hawker jet as he speeds between his North Carolina and Arkansas speaking engagements. His gorge rises at the mention of the lawsuit. According to him, his former trustees spent too freely and violated their duty to investors. ''They weren't following the way the fund was chartered and as a result the fund was decimated,'' he said. ''But all that's the past. I want to look forward.''
Ralph C. Alldredge, Mr. Sletten's lawyer, said expenses were never the issue in their legal fight. ''That's just Mr. Navellier twisting the facts,'' he said.
Mr. Navellier may be celebrating a new world order for mutual funds. But with a larger-than-life profile and a rapid-fire approach to stock picking, he seems more of a throwback to the frothy days of the late 1990's, when growth stocks and the fund companies that peddled them were all the rage.
Two aggressive fund companies that took their founders' names --Strong Capital Management and Pilgrim Baxter & Associates -- also made their fortunes during that time. But both have recently run afoul of Mr. Spitzer and the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Gary L. Pilgrim and Harold J. Baxter, founders of the PBHG family of funds, have been accused in a filing of allowing favored investors to trade in and out of funds, a practice called market timing. Mr. Pilgrim and Mr. Baxter, who have left the firm, had no comment on the accusations. No charges have been filed against Strong Capital or its founder, Richard S. Strong, although Mr. Spitzer has said that he plans to take action in the future. Mr. Strong, who recently resigned from his company, also declined to comment.
Then there is Mr. Navellier, who, like the gold and silver Bertolucci watch he favors, keeps on ticking. Yes, he has had one market timer jump in and out of his funds, he said, but he kicked out that investor before any harm could be done. (Market timing is not illegal; permitting it for certain investors and not others violates securities laws.) Regulators say they do not have concerns about Mr. Navellier's funds.
In the mid- to late 1990's, Mr. Navellier achieved minor celebrity status in the mutual fund world. With his two newsletters and his frequent appearances in the news media, he cultivated a gunslinger's approach to buying stocks that was in tune with that excitable time.
He eschewed the classic long-term approach to investing, espoused by the likes of Warren E. Buffett, relying instead on his own computer-based model for picking stocks. Known as a ''quant,'' he looks to such abstruse calculations as alphas, betas and standard deviations for his buy and sell signals, as opposed to the more conventional kick-the-tires approach favored by many portfolio managers. He buys stocks on the way up and sells them on the way down, and his funds have some of the highest turnover ratios to be found.
Mr. Navellier has shown just how profitable managing other people's money can be, even for the owner of a smaller company like his. As the market soared, his funds under management reached $7 billion in early 2000. At his peak, he says, he was making $10 million a year.
But after the market plunge that began in March 2000, his landing was harder than most. Many of his funds lost more than 50 percent in 2001 and 2002 while experiencing significant outflows. Today, he has $3 billion under management, with only $200 million in mutual funds. While his funds have recovered somewhat, in line with the improved performance of growth stocks, Mr. Navellier says he will be lucky to bring in $2 million this year, much of that from his newsletter business.
Now he is hoping to ramp up the business for a new mutual fund era, courtesy of the bull market and Mr. Spitzer. ''We managers have windows and my window is now,'' said Mr. Navellier, who appeared last week on ''Squawk Box,'' the CNBC program. ''Growth is beating value and my mid- and large-cap funds have great risk-adjusted performance,'' he said. ''I have to hit my hole now.''
Which is why he did a lunch in North Carolina and a dinner in Arkansas, then spent the night in Cincinnati, instead of relaxing with his wife and two children at their house by the ocean in Palm Beach County, Fla. ''Why am I traveling? Because I will eventually be paid a lot of money,'' he said. ''I'll probably make $3-to-$5 million next year and I think I can make $20 million in subsequent years.''
Twenty million dollars is a good year for a Wall Street titan, but even in the most exuberant markets, it is rare for a fund manager like Mr. Navellier to pull down such a sum. In his eyes, though, it is a realistic goal. ''Look, I'm not obsessed with money,'' he said, ''but it is out there so why not go get it?''
Flipping open one of the two laptops he always travels with, Mr. Navellier calls up one of his many spreadsheets and points to his hot midcap and growth funds, many of which are up 40 percent for the year. ''You have to understand that I have the numbers now,'' he said. ''If I stop servicing my clients, my firm could be very small down the road.''
Mr. Navellier estimates his net worth to be a little less than $100 million, with the bulk of it tied up in his company. On the same laptop, he shows off pictures of some his prized sports cars. They include two Porsches, two Audis, two Mercedes, a Ferrari Spider and an Aston Martin.
He flips his cars the way he flips his stocks, he said, selling whenever he can find a buyer who will meet his price. He points to a picture of his Aston Martin, a $240,000 car, then his Porsche Turbo S, which he is looking to unload. ''If someone hits my bid of $120,000, it's gone,'' he said.
Mr. Navellier, who wears a diamond-encrusted wedding ring, concedes that he has a weakness for loud, shiny things. ''Yes I have a few toys, but I really don't have the time to play with them,'' he said with a laugh. Also in his portfolio is a 64-foot hydrofoil, four indoor movie theaters replete with high-definition television sets and a wine cellar that he values at $300,000.
There are a number of facets to Mr. Navellier's mini-empire, from newsletters to charter planes, and the lines demarcating them can blur. The newsletters are a separate business. His three planes, which he leases out when he flies commercially, are part of Navellier Management, which also oversees his mutual funds. He said that the funds did not pay any expenses related to his planes or other aspects of his travel.
In the current regulatory environment, more attention is being focused on the finances of fund management companies, and industry watchdogs see a fund company with a charter-plane business under its roof as being unusual. John Freeman, a law professor at the University of South Carolina who has expertise in mutual funds, said: ''I would shy away from any management company that operates a commercial business as an affiliate.'' He said that ''it's tough enough to operate a management company efficiently these days without being distracted by other pursuits.''
He added, ''Fund shareholders that are smart should be going with low-cost providers, and 1.5 percent is at the higher end of the pack.''
Mr. Navellier is transferring the mutual funds to his investment management company, Navellier Associates. He has no plans to sell the business. ''The plane business is a bit soft now, but we like it,'' he said. ''We leased one of our planes to a Russian oligarch in Spain for $180,000 a month plus expenses. Plus, my kids love flying on them, and they never go on commercial flights.''
He is obsessed with keeping the plane clean and points to a barely discernible stain in the leather chair before him, saying that he would have to get his ''leather guy'' to clean it once the plane returns to Florida. ''I'm anal retentive, but I'm not a freak,'' he said.
IT'S still too soon to tell if Mr. Navellier's sales push and embrace of Mr. Spitzer will generate the inflow of funds he needs to reach his $20 million payday for 2005.
But even critics give him credit for his marketing ability. His growth funds are hot and so is Mr. Spitzer. Good pitchman that he is, Mr. Navellier is seizing an opportunity.
Still, to some investors, it all seems a bit too coincidental. ''If you knew that late trading and timing was going on five years ago, why didn't you blow the whistle?'' one potential client asked Mr. Navellier at his recent North Carolina luncheon.
The question caught Mr. Navellier off guard. ''I think we are all grateful for Mr. Spitzer,'' he responded, not quite answering the question. ''I know he is running for some kind of office. And I think it's governor.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: The General Motors Corporation and Fuji Heavy Industries of Japan have decided to withdraw from a planned car-making joint venture with a Chinese company in northern China, officials at both companies said. Fuji said it had decided to drop the project because of a lack of components and worry about political instability.
The General Motors Corporation and Fuji Heavy Industries of Japan have decided to withdraw from a planned car-making joint venture with a Chinese company in northern China, officials at both companies said. Fuji said it had decided to drop the project because of a lack of components and worry about political instability. A G.M. spokesman, Ron Theis, said in Detroit that the deal ''did not appear to be viable.''  COMPANY NEWS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD:
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3* Socanav Inc.
Qtr to Sept 30
1989
1988
Sales
794,339,000
48,869,000
Net inc
682,000
2,010,000
Share earns
.05
.15
The latest quarter results included the results of Steinberg Inc. since Aug. 22. The latest quarter results do not include those of Steinberg's Ivanhoe Inc.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3* Socanav Inc.
Qtr to Sept 30
1989
1988
Sales
794,339,000
48,869,000
Net inc
682,000
2,010,000
Share earns
.05
.15
The latest quarter results included the results of Steinberg Inc. since Aug. 22. The latest quarter results do not include those of Steinberg's Ivanhoe Inc. unit.
Figures are in Canadian funds.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Here is a sampling of shows and exhibitions in New York City that are to close soon: Closing This Weekend  "JOSEPH AND THE AMAZING TECHNICOLOR DREAMCOAT," Minskoff Theater, 200 West 45th Street, Manhattan. A new staging of the 1972 musical based on the biblical story of Joseph and his 11 brothers; music by Andrew Lloyd Webber; lyrics by Tim Rice; starring Michael Damian; directed by Steven Pimlott. Through Sunday. Performances: Tonight at 8; tomorrow at 2 and 8 P.M.; Sunday at 1 and 5:30 P.M. Tickets: $25 to $65. Information: (212) 307-4100.
"PICNIC," Roundabout Theater Company at the Criterion Center, 1530 Broadway, at 45th Street. A revival of the 1953 William Inge drama about five women and the young drifter who changes their lives; with Larry Bryggman, Kyle Chandler, Ashley Judd and Tate Donovan; directed by Scott Ellis. Through Sunday. Performances: Tonight at 8; tomorrow at 2 and 8 P.M.; Sunday at 2 P.M. Tickets: $47.50. Information: (212) 869-8400. "RICKY JAY AND HIS 52 ASSISTANTS," Second Stage, 2162 Broadway, at 76th Street. A one-man show featuring sleight of hand with monologues; directed by David Mamet. Through tomorrow. All shows are sold out, but $200 tickets remain for a special performance tomorrow at 10 P.M. to benefit the theater. Information: (212) 873-6103. "AMPHIGOREY, A MUSICALE," Perry Street Theater, 31 Perry Street, Greenwich Village. A revue based on stories and drawings by Edward Gorey, with music by Peter Golub; directed by Daniel Levans. Through tomorrow. Performances: Tonight and tomorrow at 7 and 10 P.M. Tickets: $30. Information: (212) 777-7474. "WILDERNESS," Pan Asian Repertory at Playhouse 46, St. Clement's Church, 423 West 46th Street, Clinton. A drama, set in the 1920's, about a young man who escapes from prison, by Cao Yu; with Kati Kuroda; directed by Lili Liang. Through tomorrow. Performances: Tonight at 8; tomorrow at 2 and 8 P.M. Tickets: $25. Information; (212) 245-2660. "CATHER COUNTRY," Playwrights Horizon, 416 West 42d Street, Clinton. A musical based on the writings of Willa Cather, by Ed Dixon; directed by Scott Harris. Through tomorrow. Performances: Tonight at 7 and 10; and tomorrow at 2 and 8 P.M. All shows are sold out, but a waiting list for returned tickets is begun one hour before each performance. Tickets: $10. Information: (212) 279-4200. "MOONSHOT" and "COSMOS," Circle Repertory, 99 Seventh Avenue South, at West Fourth Street, Greenwich Village. Two one-act plays about people who grapple with suppressed emotions and self-acceptance, by Lanford Wilson; with John Dossett and Judith Ivey; directed by Marshall W. Mason. Through Sunday. Performances: Tonight at 8; tomorrow at 2 and 8 P.M.; Sunday at 3 and 7:30 P.M. Tickets: $28 and $35. Information: (212) 239-6200. "CHRISTINA ALBERTA'S FATHER," Vineyard Theater, 108 East 15th Street, East Village. A musical based on the 1925 novel by H. G. Wells novel about two adventurers in early 20th-century England, by Polly Pen; directed by Andre Ernotte. Through Sunday. Performances: Tonight and tomorrow at 8 P.M.; Sunday at 3 and 7:30 P.M. Tickets: $25. Information: (212) 353-3874. "DIABLO," Joyce Theater, 175 Eighth Avenue, at 19th Street, Chelsea. A flamenco dance-drama with Jose Greco Jr. Through Sunday. Performances: Tonight at 8; tomorrow at 2 and 8 P.M.; Sunday at 2 and 7:30 P.M. Tickets: $25. Information: (212) 242-0800. "MARATHON 1994, SERIES B," Ensemble Studio Theater, 549 West 52d Street, Clinton. The 17th annual festival of new one-act plays. Through Sunday. Performances: Tonight and tomorrow at 7:30 P.M.; Sunday at 3 P.M. Tickets: $25. Information: (212) 247-3405.
Closing Next Weekend<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Except for a few slip-ups, the Giants dominated the Bears today. But those slip-ups were costly.
One allowed the Bears to score on a 75-yard pass play; another let them score on a cleverly conceived 42-yard fake bootleg, and another spoiled a 35-yard Giants field-goal attempt with 15 seconds left that would have tied the score.
So on a 92-degree afternoon, the Giants fell short and the Bears eked out a 20-17 victory over the Super Bowl champions. It was a well-played game that proved the Bears are still a team to reckon with and the Giants are still inconsistent on offense.
The loss dropped the Giants' record to 1-2. It is their first losing record since 1987, the season after they won Super Bowl XXI.
A vocal sellout crowd of 64,829 at Soldier Field watched the Bears improve their record to 3-0.
The first big play by the Bears was the touchdown pass from Jim Harbaugh to Wendell Davis. The second was a run by Neal Anderson, who had been bottled up for the first 53 minutes of the game.
Despite that, the Giants had a chance at the end to win the game, or at least to send it into overtime. With 3 minutes 27 seconds remaining, they took over on their 11-yard line and drove to the Bears' 8 before being pushed back to the 18.
On fourth down, with 15 seconds remaining, Matt Bahr tried a field goal. His field goals won last season's conference championship and Super Bowl XXV and this year's regular-season opener.
This time, the drama ended badly for the Giants. On opposing field-goal attempts, the Bears usually get a strong push up the middle from their big defenders. They got one this time from the biggest, William (the Refrigerator) Perry.
"We pushed them back," Perry said of the play. "I got my hand up and blocked it."
"I heard the hit," Bahr said. "It sounded solid, and even with that it almost got to the goal posts." 360-Pound Obstacle
Because the kick crossed the line of scrimmage, the National Football League will recognize the play as a deflection and not a block. Semantics aside, it was a triumph for the 6-foot-2-inch Perry, who at 360 pounds is overweight even for him. As Mike Ditka, the Bears' coach, said with mixed affection and sarcasm: "He's the tallest guy on the team, you know. It hit him right in the stomach."
It hit the Giants in the stomach too.
"As I've said in the past," Bahr said, "the emotional excitement of making a kick is nowhere near the anguish of missing one."
The Giants had a big edge in time of possession with 37 minutes 9 seconds to 22 minutes 51 seconds. They led the Bears in first downs (21 to 10), offensive plays (70 to 44) and rushing yardage (132 to 101).
With all that, the Giants allowed the Bears to build a 13-0 lead at halftime. In the last 65 seconds of the half, the Giants missed a field goal and the Bears scored a touchdown and a field goal.
First, Bahr was wide right on a 43-yard field-goal attempt. The Bears took over on their 25 and called for a safe pass to Brad Muster or James Thornton. Davis ran a fly pattern down the right sideline to clear out defenders across the middle.
When Muster and Thorton were covered, Harbaugh saw Davis get a step on Mark Collins, the Giants' excellent cornerback. Harbaugh hit Davis in stride for the touchdown.
On the ensuing kickoff, Dave Meggett of the Giants fumbled and Glen Kozlowski recovered for the Bears on the Giants' 22. Seven plays later, Kevin Butler kicked a 20-yard field goal as the half ended.
In the third quarter, the Giants came alive. It started when Gary Reasons stripped the ball from Anderson and Collins recovered for the Giants. Four plays later, Bahr kicked a 35-yard field goal.
Two minutes later, Collins intercepted a pass, and the Giants were on the Bears' 20. On third down from the 1, Ottis Anderson rammed over right guard, and Richard Dent stopped him for no gain. On fourth down, Anderson smacked into the same hole, and Dante Jones and Tim Ryan stopped him a foot from the goal line.
"On fourth down," Handley said, "we missed a block on the backside or it would have been a walk-in touchdown."
Later in the third quarter, the stiff wind contributed to 24-yard and 28-yard punts by Maury Buford of the Bears. The Giants turned both into short touchdown drives, with Rodney Hampton scoring from the 6-yard line and then the 3.
So with little more than 10 minutes left in the game, the Giants led, 17-13. Then the Bears drove to the Giants' 42 and unveiled a deceptive play.
Several times before, Harbaugh had run a bootleg to the right. Now he faked a bootleg and slipped the ball to Neal Anderson, who sprinted to the left and found open land.
Anderson raced down the sideline. Perry Williams leaped at him, and the officials on the field decided he had pushed Anderson out of bounds on the Giants' 5. Anderson kept running to the end zone, and the replay official ruled that he had never been out of bounds and thus had scored a touchdown.
"That touchdown broke our back," said Everson Walls, the Giants' defensive back.  PRO FOOTBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: A man who ran a computerized pornography ring for homosexuals has been convicted of racketeering and other charges, including having sexual relations with a 14-year-old boy who was quarantined earlier this month as a carrier of the AIDS virus.
A man who ran a computerized pornography ring for homosexuals has been convicted of racketeering and other charges, including having sexual relations with a 14-year-old boy who was quarantined earlier this month as a carrier of the AIDS virus.
The convicted man, Michael Patrick Haggerty, 34 years old, a former hotel executive, had boarded at the home of the teen-ager and his mother. The verdict was announced in Circuit Court Wednesday and Judge Ben Gordon set sentencing for July 21.
None of the charges carry a life sentence, but because of the age of the 14-year-old and other boys used in the sexually explicit pictures, Mr. Haggerty could be sentenced to a life prison term under state guidelines, according to Assistant State Attorney Russell Edgar. 'He Got What He Deserved'
Millie Sullivan, mother of the 14-year-old, said of Mr. Haggerty, ''He got what he deserved.'' She said she was unaware that her son was having a sexual affair with Mr. Haggerty.
Earlier this month the boy, who acknowledged having had a number of homosexual relationships, was locked in a hospital mental ward for 11 days to prevent him from spreading AIDS. State health officials said the boy had tested positive for the AIDS virus, a possible precursor to acquired immune deficiency syndrome, which cripples the body's immune system, and can be spread through sexual intercourse.
The court-ordered quarantine was lifted last week after protests from homosexual and civil rights activitists. State welfare officials are seeking to remove the boy from the custody of his mother.
Mr. Haggerty's lawyer, Toni Stitt, contended that his client and the boy had a father-son relationship, not a sexual one. Mr. Haggerty did not testify and did not offer any other evidence in his defense.
In addition to racketeering and having sex with the teen-ager. the jury found Mr. Haggerty guilty of importing obscene material from out of state and six counts of procuring teen-agers to assist in the operation and of soliciting the 14-year-old for sexual relations.
The jury found Mr. Haggerty not guilty of a sexual relationship with the boy's 17-year-old half brother and of seven counts of selling obscene materials.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>After two free-agent signings in two days, things calmed down at the Jets' training center yesterday. The biggest activity was a visit by Bengals receiver TIM McGEE, a free agent who played for Jets Coach BRUCE COSLET when he was with Cincinnati.
The Jets signed safety RONNIE LOTT on Monday to replace LONNIE YOUNG, who will miss next season because of reconstructive knee surgery. LEONARD MARSHALL was signed on Tuesday, replacing DENNIS BYRD, the defensive end whose career ended last season with a tackle that left him partly paralyzed. Now, the Jets are looking for a receiver to replace AL TOON, who retired with a severe concussion.
McGee, 28, had 35 catches for 408 yards and three touchdowns last year, his lowest output since 1987, his second year in the league. His trademark is going across the middle, which was Toon's role with the team.  McGee visited Phoenix last week.
Another of McGee's teammates, Bengals cornerback ERIC THOMAS, is scheduled to visit the Jets next week. And the Jets are preparing to play host early next week to Philadelphia defensive end REGGIE WHITE.
SPORTS PEOPLE: PRO FOOTBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton was challenged over the issue of abortion yesterday for the first time in her re-election race this year, as a possible Republican opponent tried to chip away at her image as a moderate who supports adoption.
John Spencer, who leads the field of Republican candidates in endorsements and fund-raising, visited a pregnancy center in Brooklyn that promotes adoption and denounced new federal legislation that would regulate advertising for these centers. The centers often operate near and compete with abortion providers, sometimes by using graphic material to discourage abortion.
''Hillary Rodham Clinton is telling voters that she is pro-adoption and wants to reduce abortions,'' Mr. Spencer, a former mayor of Yonkers, said in an interview. ''But now her liberal Democratic friends are trying to hurt crisis pregnancy centers that encourage adoption.''
The bill, introduced by Representative Carolyn B. Maloney, a Democrat whose district includes the East Side of Manhattan and parts of Queens, would authorize the Federal Trade Commission to crack down on any pregnancy center that suggests in its advertising that it provides abortions. A spokesman for Ms. Maloney said some of the centers mimic trademarks of Planned Parenthood clinics to lure women for anti-abortion counseling.
''Then they lock the doors and show videos of aborted fetuses and other propaganda,'' said the spokesman, Afshin Mohamadi.
New York Republican leaders face a tricky balancing act on abortion rights in this year's Senate race. They do not want to come off as extremist opponents, they say, since a majority of New Yorkers favor abortion rights. But they also want to paint Mrs. Clinton as a liberal on abortion and plant doubts about her message in favor of adoption and cutting abortion rates -- not so much to defeat her in New York, but to muddy her image if she becomes a presidential candidate in 2008.
Mr. Spencer opposes abortion rights and is adopted, a fact he brings up frequently with voters. He said that Ms. Maloney's concern about false advertising was a decoy.
''This is just a blatant attack on people who want to exercise a choice for life,'' he said. ''I challenge Senator Hillary Clinton to chastise her Democratic liberal colleagues for attacking the work of adoption centers.''
A campaign spokesman for Mrs. Clinton, when asked if the senator believed that women should have access to these centers, replied that Mr. Spencer was not her opponent.
''Ask K. T. McFarland,'' said the Clinton spokesman, Howard Wolfson, referring to Kathleen Troia McFarland, another Republican running for Senate.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The Treasury's schedule of financing this week includes today's regular weekly auction of new three-  and six-month bills and a four-week bill being auctioned tomorrow.
According to traders, at the close of the New York cash market on Friday the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was 1.69 percent; the six-month issue, 1.72 percent; and the four-week bill, 1.67 percent.
The following taxable and tax-exempt fixed-income issues are scheduled for pricing this week:
TAX EXEMPT
TUESDAY
Arkansas, $215 million of general obligation bonds. Competitive.
WEDNESDAY
Clearwater, Fla., $58.7 million of revenue bonds. Competitive.
Monmouth County, N.J., $53.5 million of debt securities. Competitive.
San Jose, Calif., $116.1 million of general obligation bonds. Competitive.
THURSDAY
Clark County School District, Nev., $146.9 million of debt securities. Competitive.
ONE DAY DURING THE WEEK
Arizona School Facility, $293 million of debt securities. Salomon Smith Barney.
Chicago Part District, $50 million of 2002 corporate purpose tax anticipation warrants. Siebert Brandford Shank & Co.
Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, $460 million of public improvement bonds. Lehman Brothers.
Evergreen School District No. 114, Washington, $59 million of general obligation bonds. Seattle-Northwest Securities.
Massachusetts Health & Education, $150 million of debt securities for Harvard University. Morgan Stanley.
New York City Health & Hospital Corp. Health System, $200 million of bonds. UBS PaineWebber Inc.
North Carolina Capital Facilities Finance Agency, $115 million of debt securities. Lehman Brothers.
San Diego, $137 million of taxable bonds. Salomon Smith Barney.
San Mateo, Calif., $55 million of general obligation bonds. UBS PaineWebber Inc.
California County Tobacco Securitization Agency, $94.4 million of debt securities for the Fresno County Funding Corp. UBS PaineWebber Inc.
School Board of Lake County, Fla., $63.4 million of certificates of participation. Salomon Smith Barney.
TAXABLE
ONE DAY DURING THE WEEK
American Equity Investment Life, $150 million of notes, ---/BBB-/---. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Inc.
British EnergyP.L.C., $400 million of 10-year senior, Baa2/BBB/---. Morgan Stanley.
Illinois Power Co., $400 million in two-part mortgage bonds, Baa2/BBB-/---. Merrill Lynch & Co.
MedcoHealth Solutions Inc., $1 billion in two parts of 5-year and 10-year notes, Ba1/BBB+/---. Goldman, Sachs & Co.
Northern States Power Co., $150 million of 40-year PINES, of 6 million of $25 par PINES due 2042, A1/BBB-/A. Solomon Smith Barney.
Source: MCM CorporateWatch
Ratings: Moody's Investors Service/Standard & Poor's Corp./Fitch.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Iona College, New Rochelle, to Adler Boschetto Peebles & Partners, New York, to handle its account, previously handled by CDHM Advertising, Stamford, Conn. Billings were estimated at $2 million.
THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING -- ADDENDA<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Asad Abdul-Kaliq, an all-America quarterback from Elizabeth High School in New Jersey, revealed yesterday his intention to attend the University of Minnesota.
The 6-foot-2-inch, 190-pound Abdul-Kaliq said that he chose the Golden Gophers over Maryland, Wake Forest, Pittsburgh and Boston College.
The quarterback said ''he liked everything about Minnesota and the opportunity to compete for the starting job.''
Abdul-Kaliq passed for 1,630 yards and 18 touchdowns in leading the Minutemen (10-1) to a North Jersey Group 4 championship.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: A photograph on June 10 with a review of ''Naked by the Window: The Fatal Marriage of Carl Andre and Ana Mendieta'' was published in error. It shows the artist Hans Breder, not Carl Andre.
A photograph on June 10 with a review of ''Naked by the Window: The Fatal Marriage of Carl Andre and Ana Mendieta'' was published in error. It shows the artist Hans Breder, not Carl Andre.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>HANAN--Miriam. Beloved wife and mother, passed away on the morning of Monday, February 26th, in Boca Raton, Florida. She was a champion tango dancer, kind and gentle, and known to many as Miss Sunshine. She was also a champion scrabble and gin player, who consistently beat her famous nephew, Dr. Carl Sagan. She is survived by her three children: Carol Ostrow, Philip Hanan and David Dubner. She was a devoted wife to the late Solomon Hanan. She will be dearly missed by all of her family and friends. Services will be held at 1:30 pm on Wednesday, February 28th, at Beth Israel Memorial Chapel, 5808 West Atlantic Avenue, Delray Beach, Florida. In lieu of flowers, the family has requested that donations be made to the Anti-Defamation League in her honor.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>HAGEDORN-Charles, 79, on November 17, 1997, beloved husband of the late Jane, devoted father of Christopher, cherished grandfather of Christopher and James. At Charles' request a private family service was held. A Memorial Service will be held at a later date. Donations in his memory can be made to Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, Box E, 1275 York Ave., New York, N.Y. 10021.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: The Federal Aviation Administration has said it will loosen its mandatory penalties on private pilots who violate certain safety rules.
The Federal Aviation Administration has said it will loosen its mandatory penalties on private pilots who violate certain safety rules.
The decision, which does not apply to violations by commercial pilots, was made on Monday after months of review. It reverses the agency's practice of cracking down on even minor infringements with strict penalties. But officials of the agency said the new practice would not mean that major infractions would go unpunished or that safety rules would be loosely enforced. The mandatory penalties imposed in recent years, which included grounding pilots for 60 days whenever they violated flight restrictions near major airports, generated sharp complaints from private pilots, who said that even inconsequential infractions were being harshly punished.
Many said the result was a perverse and potentially hazardous situation in which some pilots, seeking to avoid citations, cut back communications with air traffic controllers and turned off the radar beacons on their planes to avoid identification.
James B. Busey, the retired admiral who is head of the aviation agency, said today that the recent emphasis on tough enforcement had been misguided and added that safety would be better served by a flexible approach.
''We're going to put more emphasis on promoting compliance through education and open communications,'' he said. ''In many cases, a warning letter or remedial training may clearly be more effective than legal enforcement.''
Rules on Boeing Jets Adopted
WASHINGTON, March 6 (AP) -The Federal Aviation Administration today imposed rules intended to prevent metal fatigue damage in aging Boeing airliners and proposed tough regulations for detecting corrosion in the same planes.
The rules on fatigue require replacement of some parts when an airliner reaches a set number of flights, while those on corrosion call for periodic inspections of all Boeing 707, 727, 737 and 747 airliners as they age.
The rules on fatigue were proposed last May after a panel representing American and foreign airlines drew up plans for insuring that the world's aging airline fleet can keep flying safely.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Since I am one, I would agree with John J. Keefe's letter (Nov. 21) that no yuppie/preppy would be caught without penny loafers. My sense of yuppie/preppy good taste is, however, offended by his inference that penny loafers are for showing off shiny pennies. Where has he been? We leave loafer pennies to the grade school kids. The trick of being a mature yuppie/preppy is to don the appropriate apparel without being ostentatious about it. Pennies in loafers is just a bit over the line. All respectable yuppies/preppies know the meaning of metaphor and are convinced that "penny loafer" is not to be taken literally.  REV. LEW TOWLER  Wickford, R.I.
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>''Palindromes,'' the latest film by Todd Solondz, is dedicated to the memory of Dawn Wiener, the unhappy young protagonist of his second feature, ''Welcome to the Dollhouse.'' The new movie, which begins at Dawn's funeral, is a sequel of sorts, following the appalling adventures of Dawn's 13-year-old cousin, Aviva, for whom the dead girl serves as both inspiration and cautionary tale.
In the first of this movie's short chapters, each named for a character, Aviva, a secular Jew from the New Jersey suburbs, is portrayed by an African-American girl, one of eight actresses to play the role. As she makes her way, Candide-like, through a sordid world of sexual violence and cultural antagonism, Aviva's appearance changes -- from black to white, from fat to thin, from brunette to redhead, and at one point, to Jennifer Jason Leigh. The effect of this switching is to keep you off balance and at a remove from the story. That is not such a bad thing, because you will want to be as far away as possible.
I say this with a heavy heart since I have long admired Mr. Solondz for his honesty, his guts and his willingness to sniff out the few remaining taboos in modern American life and turn them into sick jokes. Some critics will no doubt say that he has gone too far this time, that rape, child molestation, abortion and the killing of doctors who perform abortions are not fit topics for his unsettling blend of mockery and melodrama. The real problem, it seems to me, is not that Mr. Solondz goes too far, but that he seems to have no particular direction in mind, no artistic interest beyond the limitless ugliness of humanity.
Lurking in this ghastly tale of Aviva's intentional pregnancy, her unwanted abortion and her temporary adoption by an extended family of evangelical Christians are some provocative ideas about motherhood and the fragmentation of American moral life. But the expression of these ideas radiates a sour contempt for every human connection and emotion. Aviva's mother (Ellen Barkin) is a loving, health-conscious, Volvo-driving suburban mom, who is also a simpering hysteric whose tears are mocked without pity. Aviva's grim adventures are a form of revenge on her mother, enacted less by the daughter than by the filmmaker. Aviva's mother is briefly replaced by Mama Sunshine, a peppy, devout homemaker who presides over a houseful of rescued children, many with disabilities.
The human landscape of ''Palindromes,'' being shown tonight and tomorrow night as part of the New York Film Festival, is a vista of grotesqueness, dishonesty and creepiness. These are qualities Mr. Solondz has explored before, but this time he fails to make them at all interesting, partly because he lets himself and the audience off the hook. What made his earlier films, especially ''Happiness'' and ''Storytelling,'' so brilliantly disquieting was his ability to provoke a queasy spasm of recognition and an anxious question: Is that what we're really like? This time the question never comes up, and the easy disgust that Mr. Solondz expresses toward his characters and his audience is easily requited.
Palindromes  This weekend at Lincoln Center
Written and directed by Todd Solondz; director of photography, Tom Richmond; edited by Mollie Goldstein and Kevin Messman; music by Nathan Larson; production designer, Dave Doernberg; produced by Mike S. Ryan and Derrick Tseng. Running time: 100 minutes. This film is not rated. Shown tonight at 9 and tomorrow at 6:45 p.m. at Alice Tully Hall, Lincoln Center, as part of the 42nd New York Film Festival.
WITH: Ellen Barkin (Joyce Victor), Stephen Adly Guirgis (Joe/Earl/Bob), Jennifer Jason Leigh (''Mark'' Aviva), Richard Masur (Steve Victor) and Debra Monk (Mama Sunshine).
FILM FESTIVAL REVIEW<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Malcolm W. Browne is correct in noting that "it is sometimes difficult to tell good statistics from bad ones." But as executive director of the National Center for Fair and Open Testing, I believe a review of the sources on which arguments are based can help sort out truth from ideologically motivated exaggerations.
For example, the claim that the decline in average S.A.T. scores reflects a decline in "aptitude" or whatever it is that the test measures is a textbook case of statistical misuse. In fact, norms for the S.A.T. were originally based on a group of about 10,000 students -- largely rich, white and male -- who took the test in 1941. It should hardly be surprising that the broader pool of more than 1.1 million current annual test takers would post lower average scores.
Similarly, the Armed Forces Qualifying Test, on which Richard J. Herrnstein and Charles Murray rely heavily, has been shown to mismeasure the abilities of many young men. Because of an error in setting norms for the test, the United States military accepted a much higher percentage of low-scoring enlistees than it intended from 1976 to 1980. Yet the on-the-job performance of those new soldiers -- who would have been rejected if the test had been scored properly -- was essentially the same as those who really "passed."  PAMELA ZAPPARDINO  Cambridge, Mass.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>POWELL-Ann B. In life you were always joyfully there. You are gone 13 years but you are still here. Everlasting love, Harry<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
The government's failure to provide evidence to Timothy J. McVeigh's defense team is disturbing (''Citing F.B.I. Lapse, Ashcroft Delays McVeigh Execution,'' front page, May 12). This evidence may not change the outcome, but this is not for the prosecution to decide. This is for a court and a jury to decide -- unless we have now given up our constitutional right to a fair trial.
In this case, in which it was in the government's interest to make certain the highest level of propriety was observed, the government was unable to do so. What can we expect for a less visible defendant? Can it appropriately be assumed that such failure will make no difference?
How can we continue to apply the death penalty when in even such a high-priority case the government has demonstrated that it is unable to provide the guarantees of a fair trial?
TUCKER RANSON  New York, May 12, 2001<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>It was cold and rainy as the Normandy invasion started, and nothing was going as planned.
As we hit the beaches, Helen Thomas was in the lead, charging off the aircraft carrier George Washington with toothbrush and tape recorder. Sam Donaldson provided air cover in a Chinook helicopter hovering over the English Channel. "General Hillary," as a British paper dubbed her, arrived on the field of battle with her hairdresser, Sylvan.
Never mind destiny. President Clinton had a rendezvous with Wolf Blitzer.
The boys of Pointe du Hoc scaled their cliff under German fire in bad weather on June 6, 1944, but the boys on the bus never made it to Pointe du Hoc at all on June 6, 1994. The White House press corps missed the President's speech because their helicopters turned back because of bad weather and the backup buses did not leave in time to get up the coast from the landing site at Le Havre.
The reporters, stranded at Colleville-sur-Mer, were in a panic. The Clinton lieutenants, who pride themselves on their high-tech virtuosity, said calmly that they would play a tape of the Pointe du Hoc speech. But when they put the tape in and Clinton began to speak, no words came out. "The sound," a White House official explained helpfully, "is coming later by bus."
The fog of war had given way to the fog of White House amateurism. As yuppies retraced the steps of heroes, one thing was certain: Midway into the first term, the Clinton White House has not yet gotten the knack of smoothly moving around hundreds of grouchy journalists, who pay handsomely to be ferried by the Government.
With comic timing worthy of Waugh, the White House kept losing people. Tom Brokaw said he was two hours late for an interview with the President because the Army helicopter pilots delivering him, Sam Donaldson and Harry Smith to the aircraft carrier, where Clinton was spending the night, got lost and could not find the largest ship in the world. After flying aimlessly over the English channel for 45 minutes, the pilots got low on gas and had to return to the airstrip in Deauville, call the ship for coordinates and start again. (The Navy was vastly amused.)
Another day, the White House marooned 24 reporters and staffers in the misty British countryside for 12 hours, unable to figure out a way to get our group 100 miles from Cambridge to Portsmouth, the next stop on the President's schedule.
A furious A.P. radio reporter was filing reports on a President he could only see on the telly in the Churchill pub, where the press had been dumped. White House aides paced the Tarmac, scanning the skies for a missing helicopter, and screamed into cellular phones with dying batteries.
I tried to call my boss in Portsmouth to warn him I would miss my deadline, but the instructions on the pay phone were in British. Sipping the Champagne ordered by the Paris Match reporter, I fantasized about replacing the corner dart board with the head of one of Clinton's prepubescent press-minders.
Things were no better in Paris. After the state dinner at the Elysee Palace, the photographers were told that there would be a photo opportunity by a bridge, where the First Couple would stroll "hand in hand" and gaze at the Eiffel Tower at midnight. (Take that, Paula Jones.)
But when the Clintons got out of their limousine near the Pont des Arts, it was not exactly an intimate moment. They were surrounded by about 40 people -- Bill staffers, Hillary staffers, the Secret Service and the French police. Security did not allow the American photographers off the bus, thus stymieing the scheme of the White House advance team to bathe the Clintons' bruised partnership in a little Paris moonlight. After a few confused seconds, the Clintons climbed back into the car and motored off for a tour of the Louvre.
With the exception of the First Lady, a tidy traveler, the Presidential operation has the smell of a dormitory about it, with everyone crashing for exams. Each White House reflects the personality of its leader, and this President, immune to punctuality and discipline, will always have a Pigpen cloud of chaos around him.
What you see traveling with the Clintons is what you already know: He is learning. She is searching. He is learning to be Commander in Chief. She is searching for a personal style, and for a way to blend old rituals with new power.
At the end of the day in Normandy, Bill Clinton walked down to the beach with three veterans of Omaha Beach -- Joe Dawson, Walter Ehlers and Robert Slaughter. The tableau was appealing: the young President enjoying the company of the aging heroes. But suddenly the President's aides began tugging the veterans away, mid-conversation, so that Clinton could walk off at sunset down the beach in his dress shoes and have a preplanned meditative moment, with the bluffs on one side and the sea dotted with warships on the other.
Originally, the White House told photographers they were considering a "Where Have All the Flowers Gone?" moment, where Clinton and children would throw flowers into the sea.
But they settled on "a moment of solitude." The President knew he was supposed to look reflective for the three cameras and dozen photographers who joined him. But after looking soulfully out at the ocean for a moment, he seemed at a loss for what to do next, according to a photographer on the scene, who was scared that Clinton was about to mouth the words "What do I do now?" But then, spying the stones at his feet left by his advance staff to show him where his camera mark was, the President crouched down and began to arrange the stones into a cross. He gathered more stones to finish the cross, and then bent his head as though in silent prayer.
The White House aides were ecstatic. "Wasn't it great?" they asked reporters.  ON WASHINGTON<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>* Prince Manufacturing, Lawrenceville, N.J., to Media Buying Services International Inc., New York, to handle media planning and buying on its Prince racquets account, estimated at $2 million to $5 million. The account was previously handled by Brouillard Communications, New York.
* Liberty Science Center, Liberty State Park, N.J., to Angotti, Thomas, Hedge Inc., New York, to handle the center's account, previously at Omon, New York. Angotti, Thomas was awarded the account after a review that also included Berenter, Greenhouse & Webster and Kirshenbaum & Bond, both of New York. Billings were not disclosed.
THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING -- ADDENDA<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>RAY AND ELNA KAWAL hit the open road this fall on an 8,000-mile trip in their 2002 Chevy Tahoe with General Motors' OnStar navigation system serving as their North Star.
From their home in Sequim, Wash., across to Denver and Chicago, down to Mexico and then homeward through Arizona and California, the Kawals followed directions to tourist destinations, hotels and their friends' homes using OnStar's Global Positioning System navigation -- just the kind of business G.M. covets for its subscription service. But in this case, the automaker didn't make a penny from the six-week excursion.
That's because Mr. Kawal, a 57-year-old retired engineer, had pried the OnStar unit from behind the glove compartment and customized it to work with his laptop and commercially available mapping software. His wife read him directions right off the laptop that sat between them. The modified unit was no longer connected to the OnStar network, over which representatives could have provided the same service for a fee.
''My wife was basically doing a lot of what the OnStar service person would do,'' Mr. Kawal said. ''Many of the things OnStar wants you to pay for, you can take the unit out and do it yourself.''
Other road warriors are quickly discovering this as Web sites and message boards spring up with step-by-step instructions on removing and personalizing OnStar's navigational and communications components.
While there are no estimates on how many people have customized the device in their cars, those who are proficient at adapting the system are helping friends and family members do so, and some are parlaying their skills into weekend businesses.
The hobbyists have OnStar peering around an unforeseen curve.
Bruce Radloff, OnStar's chief technology officer, pointed out that owners who tamper with the system risk voiding the warranty on the OnStar unit -- and more critically, the warranty on the entire car. Yet he acknowledges the temptation.
''From my own perspective -- and G.M. may feel differently -- once someone buys the car, I guess their desire to modify it and make changes to it is up to them,'' Mr. Radloff said. ''But why would you take that kind of risk of invalidating your vehicle warranty when you can go out and buy a G.P.S. receiver for a couple of hundred bucks these days?''
The question goes to the heart of a principle long embraced by technologists. Edward W. Felten, a professor of computer science at Princeton University and a leading voice for this philosophy, defines it on his Web log as the ''freedom to tinker'' ethic. This calls for the ''freedom to understand, discuss, repair and modify the technological devices you own.''
Tinkerers seek little justification to deconstruct any technology. A common reason given for fiddling with a device is simply that it's there. These technologists believe that a bit of tweaking will inevitably unearth some innovative uses.
''They want to experiment to see if it has legitimate applications other than what the car manufacturer intended,'' Mr. Felten said.
It was this curiosity that led Pete Carter, a 28-year-old computer engineer at an online brokerage in Omaha, to plug a G.P.S. unit he had bought for his father into his own laptop just to see how it would react. To his surprise, the laptop picked up the device without requiring any additional software.
He figured that the components used by OnStar's G.P.S. unit were probably the same and resolved to put his theory to the test. After the challenge of prying the unit loose from behind the dashboard, Mr. Carter faced a more daunting task. He had to switch the unit's programming language to one accepted by commercial mapping software and then solder a connection compatible with his laptop. Once he succeeding at harnessing the G.P.S. capabilities of his OnStar system, he created a Tap Into OnStar Web site (members.cox.net/onstar) to help others modify their units.
All G.P.S. devices rely on the constellation of Pentagon satellites orbiting Earth and ground stations scattered around the world to calculate longitude and latitude within yards. While technology like OnStar can gauge locations within 100 yards or so, more advanced devices can plot it within inches.
When a driver requests directions from an OnStar representative, his G.P.S. data is routed over an analog cellular network to OnStar computers. The agent then reads back the directions over the same cellular network. The price for this service, which also includes emergency services and hotel and restaurant recommendations and reservations, is about $420 annually, or $400 if paid upfront.
''I guess I'm getting the G.P.S. data without going through the middleman,'' Mr. Carter said.
For some, the success such hobbyists have had in tapping into their personal OnStar units evokes the hacker who seeks to break into a networked system simply out of curiosity.
''There is this community that is interested in examining and figuring out how things work,'' said David Safford, the manager of I.B.M. Research's Global Security Analysis Laboratory in Hawthorne, N.Y. ''You are always going to have that level of inquisitive hacking from talented people.''
Security researchers have even raised the specter that as more cars come equipped with OnStar navigation systems, hackers will be tempted to try to exploit the technology to locate OnStar users.
Yet Mr. Safford said, ''There have been papers written about the theoretical things you could do with systems like this -- kidnapping, tracking -- but they tend not to be the traditional goals of hackers.''
Mr. Radloff, the OnStar chief technology officer, emphasized that his security team had encountered no attempts to breach defenses. But he conceded that any system could be compromised.
''I would never want you to think that we believe that our system is invincible, because it's not,'' Mr. Radloff said. ''But we have taken some steps so that not just anybody can hack into it.''
One potential weakness cited by experts is OnStar's use of an analog cellular network -- considered less secure than a digital network -- to transmit data to and from the car.
While admitting that such a break-in is beyond the skill of most hackers, security researchers said that equipment was available that could be used to hack into analog cellular networks. Such equipment, however, is more expensive and harder to find, and easier for security systems to track.
OnStar says it plans to upgrade to a digital network over the next few years but has in the meantime adopted proprietary defenses to protect the connections.
''We feel relatively comfortable in the fact that we have multiple layers that someone is going to have to sit down and work their way through,'' Mr. Radloff said.
A major concern with such systems is whether someone's exact location can be surreptitiously tracked. This fear has worked to the advantage of OnStar hobbyists, who can now buy discarded units on the Internet.
''I found an extra one on eBay that someone had taken out,'' said Andrew Nordquist, a 25-year-old in North Bellmore, N.Y., who has customized his father's car and is now working on his own. ''A lot of people get worried when they find out the G.P.S. is always on -- like big brother is always watching -- so they unhook it and leave it off.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Louis R. Cappelli, the Valhalla-based developer, says he plans to build other retail-residential-entertainment complexes - like those in New Rochelle and White Plains - in places outside Westchester. Mr. Cappelli said on Wednesday that the success of the existing downtown mixed-used projects would ''serve as a model for other developments in other communities.''
Earlier this month, Cappelli Enterprises sold a joint venture interest in its four-year-old New Roc City in New Rochelle to Entertainment Properties Trust, a publicly traded real estate investment trust in Kansas City that specializes in entertainment properties. The REIT, which said the 447,000-square-foot retail and entertainment center was valued at $105 million, now has a majority interest in it. New Roc Management, a related company of Cappelli Enterprises, will continue to manage New Roc City on behalf of the joint venture.
The complex, which is fully leased, includes: an 18-screen Regal Cinema, a Ballys Total Fitness Center, an N.H.L.-sized hockey rink, a 17-lane bowling alley, Applebee's Neighborhood Grill, Zanaro's Italian Restaurant, Modells Sporting Goods and a Super Stop and Shop, among others. In White Plains, the developer is completing a $350 million retail-residential-entertainment, and has submitted plans to the city's Common Council for a second $350 million project. In New Rochelle, it has submitted plans for a 150,000-square-foot retail store with abut 220 luxury residential units to be built above. Construction on that $150 million project is to begin in early 2004.
Elsa Brenner
IN BUSINESS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>PATRIOTS 30, SEAHAWKS 20
Perhaps this was merely the latest string that Coach Bill Belichick pulled to make his perfectly choreographed puppets dance, to prove that there was no discipline too great, no absence so large that the Patriots could not overcome.
It was only a week ago that New England deactivated wide receiver Bethel Johnson, despite a shortage of available receivers because of injuries to Troy Brown and Deion Branch. Johnson said he did not know why Belichick did not allow him to dress for the Patriots' game against the Miami Dolphins, and Belichick was not telling, although speculation has centered on lackadaisical practices by Johnson.
But on Sunday, at the most critical moment in the Patriots' 30-20 defeat of the Seattle Seahawks, it became clear that this was just the latest example of how a team manages to reel off 20 consecutive victories.
With the Seahawks surging behind two fourth-quarter touchdowns and trailing by only 3 points, the Patriots were in danger of giving them the ball back with less than three minutes remaining. But as the Patriots got into the huddle on third-and-7 from their 40-yard line, quarterback Tom Brady turned to Johnson, a second-year pro, and told him to stay alive on the play. Brady was supposed to sprint to his left while at least four receivers ran their routes.
Brady's first options were not open, but then he spotted Johnson, sprung from the inactive list, getting behind Seattle's secondary and heading deep into Seahawks territory. Brady threw to Johnson, who was streaking across the field from the right side. He left his feet, dived for the pass and hit the ground so hard he was woozy afterward.
But the ball stayed in his arms, and the Patriots, who scored the clinching touchdown two plays later, stayed undefeated. On a team that is so star free it has to search for a go-to player nearly every week, the Patriots dug especially deep this week, reaching into Belichick's doghouse.
''I think I had a good week,'' Johnson said afterward. ''I was out there, wasn't I? Some things are going to come to you. Not all of them are going to be good, you've just got to be ready.''
Another week, another victory for the Patriots (5-0). The Patriots won their 17th consecutive regular-season game, tying the N.F.L. record set by the 1933-34 Chicago Bears.
But despite New England's consistency, Belichick blamed himself for a defense that allowed the Seahawks to gain 443 yards.
Seattle (3-2) turned the ball over on consecutive drives to help the Patriots take a 10-0 lead. New England eventually raced to a 17-0 lead and led by 20-6 at halftime. Still, Belichick was perturbed when Seahawks receiver Darrell Jackson was open for a 37-yard reception in the second quarter on a drive that led to one of Seattle's two first-half field goals.
''I did a poor job,'' Belichick said, ''and a lot of the yards and points they got were just -- I should take the responsibility and will take the responsibility.''
But the mea culpa prompted Brady to offer a vote of confidence for Belichick, a coach who has won two of the last three Super Bowls and seems headed for the postseason again.
Since the start of the 2003 season, the Patriots are 12-0 against teams with winning records, and this latest victory sets up a critical divisional matchup with the undefeated Jets in Foxboro next Sunday.
''You only get a few chances against those opponents in your division,'' linebacker Mike Vrabel said. ''This is a chance you can put room between you and the Jets.''
The Jets will find a team that has a confounding ability to prevail even when its play is less than stellar. Brady, who passed for only 78 yards last week against Miami, threw an interception on Sunday and fumbled on a bone-crushing hit that sent his helmet flying.
But with the Seahawks drawing closer in the fourth quarter, he and running back Corey Dillon, who finished with 105 yards and 2 touchdowns, led the Patriots on two scoring drives. Brady said the Patriots have had trouble closing out games, a statement that must cause heartburn for the teams that have lost to them during the streak.
''Playing from a lead is critical when you're playing a good team,'' said Brady, who passed for 231 yards and a touchdown. ''Sometimes we'd like to play better with a lead.''
PRO FOOTBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Layover at Narita
Q. My wife and I will be traveling to India this fall. Our flights in each direction include layovers in Japan at Narita Airport (one is 4:30 P.M. to 8 A.M., the other is 8 A.M. to 5 P.M.). Since the airport is not that close to Tokyo, can you suggest hotels or attractions near Narita? -- Jerome S. Underhill, Dallas
A. The premier attraction in Narita is the Naritasan Shinshoji Temple. Founded in 940 by Archbishop Kancho, it is the cathedral of the Shingon sect of Buddhism. The temple is dedicated to Fudo Myoo, the god of fire, and it attracts millions of followers each year. Five structures on the site have been designated important national cultural assets, with the three-storied pagoda the most dominant. Visitors do not enter the pagoda but view it from a wooden platform surrounding it. There is no charge, and the hours are 8 A.M. to 4 P.M.
From the Nikko and ANA Hotels, mentioned below, the temple is about a 10-minute taxi ride, costing about $22, calculated at 136 yen to the dollar.
If you take Japan Railways from the airport to the Narita station, it's  $1.40 to $1.70, depending on the terminal you start at; from the station to the temple is about a 15-minute walk.
Just east of the temple lies the 41-acre Naritasan Park, where you'll find a restful haven amid cherry, plum and maple trees; maple trees are at their peak in November. In the park you'll find the Naritasan Calligraphy Museum, which displays outstanding examples of traditional calligraphy. It is closed Monday and admission is $3.70, $2.20 for children.
Visitors to Narita can get a free welcome kit that includes a guide to landmarks, a map and a welcome card valid for discounts of 5 to 20 percent at 30 shops and tourist sites. Three places at which the kit is available are the airport information center (the first floor of Terminal 2), the Narita City Tourist Information Center at the Japan Railways station and in front of the Naritasan Shinshoji Temple.
If you have a regular-fare ticket on Japan Airlines and the flight schedule requires you to stay overnight, the airline's policy is to pay for lodging. The airline is affiliated with Nikko and will probably put you up at a Nikko hotel. If, however, you have a special fare or group ticket, you do not qualify for free accommodations.  Two hotels you might consider, with rates given for double occupancy, are these:
The Nikko, which is about half a mile from the airport and costs $126 not including breakfast, tax or service charge, or $162 including breakfast and service charge. Information: (800) 645-5687.
The ANA, which is two miles from the airport and charges $156 without breakfast or service. Information: (800) 262-4683.
Learning Stick Shift
Q. Because it is very difficult to get a rental car with an automatic transmission in Europe (recently in Italy the ''guaranteed'' automatic was not there when needed), I've de cided to meet the mountain. Do any driving schools in Manhattan offer courses in manual-shift driving? -- Laurel Gonsalves, New York, N.Y.
A. Stick-shift cars are, of course, the exception on this side of the Atlantic. And in the 60 hours of training for people seeking licenses as driving instructors for noncommercial vehicles in New York State no mention is made of stick-shift cars, according to the Department of Motor Vehicles.
Among the schools that provide a car and teach stick-shift driving in Manhattan are these:
Grand Prix Driving School, 797 Lexington Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10021; (212) 752-0100. Rate: $60 for one and a half hours.
Yorkville Driving School, 207 East 84th Street, New York, N.Y. 10028; (212) 744-0500. Rate: $120 for three hours.
Both schools practice on hills so that drivers can learn to coordinate the gas, clutch and brake and thus prevent cars from rolling backward.
Wherever you go, it's a good idea to ask how long the instructor has been using a stick shift and how long he or she has been teaching it.
George Denning, a safety consultant who is licensed by New York State as an examiner who evaluates commercial drivers, said you might want to join the instructor for a ride to see if the car moves smoothly under his or her control or whether it jerks forward or stalls out.
Thomas D. Apple, a spokesman for the State Department of Motor Vehicles, said the state suggested that students ask the instructor to show an operator's license and an instructor's certificate. The name of the school on the certificate must be the same as that of the school you are attending.
If you have a complaint or inquiry, write to the New York State Department of Motor Vehicles, Driving School Unit, 224 South Pearl Street, Albany, N.Y. 12202-1809.
Tapestry and Kitchenware
Q. Do you have any information on tours of the Gobelins tapestry factory in Paris? Also, do you have information about a large culinary equipment store or stores in Paris that have cooking equipment not generally found in the United States? -- Mary V. Harcar, Washington
A. There are indeed tours for visitors at La Manufacture des Gobelins, which was founded as a dye works in the mid-15th century by Jean Gobelin. The factory is at 42 Avenue des Gobelins; telephone (33-1) 44.08.52.00.
Guided tours in French only are given on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday at 2 and 2:45 P.M. Visitors have access to three workshops where they can watch artisans weaving the tapestries by hand. Guided tours in English are available, but require, helas, groups of at least 25 people. To make arrangements, call La Caisse Nationale des Monuments et des Cites, at (33-1) 44.61.21.69. All tours are $8.
As for culinary equipment, at least three major stores -- all in the first arrondissement in central Paris --  cater to professionals as well as to the general public:
La Bovida, 36 Rue Montmartre; telephone (33-1) 42.36.09.99, fax (33-1) 42.33.05.72.
De Hillerin, 18 Rue Coquillere, is known as the place frequented by three-star chefs: (33-1) 42.36.53.13, fax (33-1) 42.36.54.80.
La Corpo, 19 Rue Montmartre, specializes in items for butchers; (33-1) 40.34.50.55, fax (33-1) 40.39.04.33.
All are open daily except Sunday. The wares may range from truffle cutters to crepieres (crepe makers) to molds for pates en croute to copper pots and pans to kitchen knives of all sizes.
PAUL FREIREICH<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: To the Editor:
To the Editor:
In his intelligent and knowing review of Christopher Middleton's ''Two Horse Wagon Going By'' (Nov. 15), Alfred Corn makes an error of fact. Mr. Middleton's poem ''In Memory of Peter Szondi'' is indeed ''an elegy for a gifted scholar,'' but Szondi - whom I knew slightly in Berlin - was not ''consigned to Auschwitz.'' He committed suicide by drowning himself, while still relatively young, in Berlin in the 1970's.  JULES CHAMETZKY  Amherst, Mass.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The Tiger and the Flying Horse would have been too obvious.
Instead, Lee R. Raymond, chairman and chief executive of the Exxon Corporation, and Lucio A. Noto, his counterpart at the Mobil Corporation, referred to the companies they run by the code names Lion and Moose.
So went Lee and Lou's intensely personal quest to pull off the world's largest corporate merger, a deal between two companies that were once part of a monolithic whole but that, during 87 years apart, had grown as proud and self-sufficient as sovereign empires.
For years, Mr. Raymond had insisted that others might seek alliances and mergers, but that Exxon could only be weakened by taking on a partner. Meanwhile, Mr. Noto had been looking for a huge acquisition or at least a merger of equals to lift his oil company, already the nation's second largest, into Exxon's league.
Some of their board members were skeptical. Others were incredulous.
Even as Mr. Raymond and Mr. Noto negotiated in secret, the lawyers for both companies continued battling in court over Exxon's accusation that Mobil had infringed a patent worth hundreds of millions of dollars. And even after they had summoned their respective directors to gather in New York on Tuesday morning to ratify the deal, last-minute hitches kept senior executives up late into the night.
The $80 billion agreement they reached demonstrates that even in an era of corporate megamergers that require the efforts of battalions of investment bankers and lawyers, the most important deals still can come down to the leaders' outlook and character. ''To an unusual extent, the C.E.O.'s established this deal,'' said one participating board member. ''Those two men deserve the credit.''
Both chief executives, passionately analytical, ordered up mountains of studies and scenarios to make sure the merger would work whatever the price of oil. But both also agreed to keep their lawyers and investment bankers far away until they had an agreement virtually ready to be drafted. Most of the talks were directly between two executives who regarded each other as among their few equals.
Those two leaders have had little to say themselves. And -- with their companies' habitual secrecy reinforced by fears that any leaks might sink the merger as regulators begin to examine it -- they have demanded that their board members, aides and outside advisers remain silent as well. Thus, the accounts of those individuals with some knowledge of the process and willing to speak are fragmentary and sometimes contradictory.
The origins of the deal rest on a series of obscure musings, dropped hints and preliminary approaches calling to mind the old joke about how porcupines make love -- very carefully.
Exxon was once known as Standard Oil of New Jersey and Mobil as Standard Oil of New York, the two largest pieces of John D. Rockefeller's Standard Oil Trust, which was broken up in 1911. Initially, the two companies continued to share confidences as well as a headquarters at 26 Broadway in lower Manhattan.
Succeeding generations of ambitious executives took the two companies in very different directions, but they came to face similar challenges. Most recently, the falling oil prices of the 1990's -- now lower after inflation than before the Arab oil embargo of 1973 -- has caused severe cutbacks that led to tens of thousands of layoffs at both companies.
With the price of oil taking another step down this year, the companies' chief executives finally concluded they had done all they could on their own. ''The easy things are behind us,'' Mr. Noto put it earlier this week. ''The easy oil, the easy cost savings -- they're done.''
Mobil -- outflanked by Exxon, which is twice its size, and Royal Dutch/Shell Group, which is even larger -- began hunting for partners. In Europe, Mobil combined its refinery and marketing operations with those of British Petroleum, even agreeing to let the British brand predominate. It knew that DuPont wanted to sell its Conoco oil company to the public or a large buyer. With both B.P. and Amoco, the old Standard Oil of Indiana, Mobil was willing to discuss mergers of approximate equals.
Meanwhile, according to one Wall Street executive, Mobil was also suggesting that it might consider an outright sale. Investment bankers were encouraged just enough to present the idea to Exxon executives early this year, this deal maker said, but it appeared to fall flat.
No wonder. Mr. Raymond was saying Exxon had no need to resort to the mergers and partnerships that weaker companies were trying. If Mobil was rattled by an agreement between Shell and Texaco to team up in refining and sales in the United States, Exxon remained combative. Mr. Raymond even boasted last year that his lawyers were reviewing the Shell-Texaco agreement on antitrust grounds, adding that suing one's rivals was ''the American way.''
But then Mr. Raymond doesn't have to try hard to be intimidating. A Ph.D. in chemical engineering, with a heavy frame, rumbling voice and jowly visage, he seldom hesitates to let reporters, analysts or aides know when he thinks what they are asking or doing is just plain dumb.
Such attributes, combined with acknowledged technical brilliance, helped him drive his company to the limits of efficiency, while he remained cautious about costly new ventures abroad. But, associates said, even Mr. Raymond was starting to bump against the limits of efficiency gains Exxon could achieve on its own.
If Exxon was to take any action, an official there said, Mr. Raymond felt it had to have the scale and substance to truly improve his company. He first broached the subject of Mobil with his board this spring, receiving enough encouragement to take the next step.
By June, at an American Petroleum Institute meeting, Mr. Raymond and Mr. Noto were chatting about a Japanese refinery where they each have a stake, they said on Tuesday.
''Maybe we ought to have a conversation about the U.S.,'' Mr. Raymond suggested, perhaps with a view toward countering the Shell-Texaco partnership. Mr. Noto responded in kind, saying, ''Well, yeah, that and some other things.''
About three weeks later they met in the Washington area, where Mobil has its Fairfax, Va., headquarters. Discussions moved slowly at first. But as the men pondered whether to begin more serious talks, they saw that their companies were more complementary than it had seemed.
Their foreign ventures had surprisingly little overlap, with Mobil more devoted to developing natural gas. Mobil's marketing ability -- it popularized the self-service gas station -- fit well with Exxon's huge and efficient product volumes.
Mr. Noto also agreed early on that Mr. Raymond would be the boss. Though both are now 60 years old, there would be no awkward attempt at having co-chief executives.
That Mr. Noto would accept a vice chairmanship at the combined company, to be called Exxon Mobil, surprised some who know him. ''Lou Noto is a very -- I don't want to say egomaniacal -- he has a very big ego,'' said William L. Randol, an independent analyst.
Mr. Noto -- compact and balding, with a brushy moustache -- is much more the salesman and adventurer, a lover of sports cars and opera, comfortable chatting up reporters or literary luminaries. At their news conference on Tuesday, he repeatedly stepped in to rescue Mr. Raymond from awkward moments. Asked about their rapport, he said, ''We do a bear act if you give us a moment.''
To associates, Mr. Noto had been making it clear that even a company as huge as Mobil might not be able to go it alone. That conviction was reinforced in August, when British Petroleum announced its $48 billion takeover of Amoco.
That news reverberated at Exxon as well, though executives there almost made a point of not dwelling on it. ''That would not have been the Exxon style,'' said one official.
Also in August, a Federal jury awarded Exxon $171 million in the patent-infringement case, which Mobil said it would appeal.
As the talks turned earnest, the companies began exhaustive analyses. In a project code-named Highway, using far fewer people than normal to preserve secrecy, they tested the merger's benefits for years to come at a wide range of oil prices. Even if prices unexpectedly rebounded and made savings less pressing, they concluded, the deal would still pay.
Though they had agreed on the measures they would use to value their companies, agreement on a precise price came late. Discussions about antitrust issues also persisted.
Investment bankers and lawyers, however, were only brought in once Mr. Raymond, Mr. Noto and their boards were almost ready to have their agreement rendered on paper. By about mid-November, others at the companies began preparations to make the deal public.
Board members of both companies, who had been kept closely informed, were asked several days in advance to convene in Manhattan Tuesday morning, the Mobil board at the company's midtown offices, the Exxon board at those of its bankers, J. P. Morgan.
Last-minute details, however, kept senior executives up until late Monday night, leaving some wondering whether the documents would be ready for the boards' votes by the time the markets opened.
With hardly an hour -- if that -- to spare, the Exxon board approved the deal unanimously. The 14 Mobil directors, only six of whom would join the combined board, had one abstention or no. Minutes before markets opened, the news was officially out.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A Critic's Notebook article on Saturday about the film ''The Aristocrats'' misspelled the surname of one of its creators. He is Penn Jillette, not Gillette.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: One triumph tonight belonged to Don Mattingly, who spent almost three weeks watching and waiting and wondering about his return to the lineup. But Mattingly's moments were not all good ones, and neither were the Yankees'.
One triumph tonight belonged to Don Mattingly, who spent almost three weeks watching and waiting and wondering about his return to the lineup. But Mattingly's moments were not all good ones, and neither were the Yankees'.
The Boston Red Sox stole away with a 7-3 victory at Fenway Park, and Manager John McNamara, the rumors of his impending dismissal still hovering round him, kept his job for another day. The Yankees, appearing lifeless in the 92-degree heat and heavy humidity, had three runs by the third inning, then got nothing more.
The scoring was provided by Joel Skinner, whose second-inning bloop single drove in one run, and Jay Buhner, who hit a two-run shot off Mike Smithson in the fourth. But as a team, the Yankees were 1 for 10 with runners in scoring position. Critical Error by Mattingly
Mattingly, coming off the disabled list after missing 16 games with a strained muscle in his right side, had two doubles and a single. But he also committed a fielding error that helped the Red Sox to an unearned run in the fifth, and he struck out wildly against Lee Smith to end the game.
Now, unless he can convince Billy Martin that he is fit to play two nights in a row, Mattingly will probably sit out the series finale Wednesday.
When someone informed Mattingly that the Yankee manager might prescribe a rest, the first baseman paused. ''I don't really want one,'' he finally said. ''We should wait and see what happens.''
The wait will be to see how Mattingly feels. If Mattingly's side is sore from the return, Martin will likely return him to the bench and put Jack Clark at first. ''We'll find out tomorrow,'' Mattingly said. ''I'm sure I'll be sore, but I'll be sore all over instead of just one spot.'' Randolph on Disabled List
Martin has juggled his lineup for a month now, and he will continue doing it, even with Mattingly back. Room on the roster was made when Willie Randolph was placed on the 15-day disabled list with a strained quadricep muscle in his right thigh.
The layoff will give Randolph time to decide what course to take with the ligament tear in his left wrist. If he opts for surgery, he could be out the remainder of the season. If he rests it, he is likely to carry his .198 average into the critical months of the summer.
''When it comes down to winning a pennant,'' Martin said before the game, ''we've got to have Willie Randolph. I'd be happy to have him back even if he was batting .200. That's how important he is to our ball club.''
Randolph, whose weakened wrist has resulted in a weakened offense, was not so certain. ''You still have to deal with your performance personally,'' he said. ''I'm used to doing certain things on the field.''
Martin said he would alter his batting order again. He could rest Mattingly, and he also indicated he might start Rickey Henderson as designated hitter.
Henderson, who is recovering from a sprained right ankle, said that was doubtful. ''I want to sit a day, watch us win and get out of here,'' he said.
Tonight's game began to slip away in the fifth, with Neil Allen pitching. Marty Barrett hit a hard roller to first, where Mattingly bobbled the ball, then threw low and late to Allen covering. Barrett was safe, and Wade Boggs followed with a double high off the Green Monster in left to make it 3-3.
''The ball hit the heel of my glove a little bit,'' Mattingly said. ''If I get the ball higher to Neil, we get him.''
In the sixth, Allen made his final stand, giving up doubles to Pat Dodson and Ellis Burks and giving the lead back to Boston. Burks's shot was to deepest center field, just in front of the 420-foot sign.
''I had good stuff, but it seemed like an uphill battle all night,'' said Allen, who gave up eight hits and lost his second game. ''Every inning I felt like I had guys staring at me from the corners. It's no fun pitching that way.''
It could not have been any more enjoyable for Dave Righetti, who gave up three runs on five hits in the eighth. But the game was already lost by then. ''I just didn't do a good job tonight,'' Righetti said. ''I just got beat.''  HENDERSON CAUTIOUS
Rickey Henderson jogged on Monday, felt some soreness in his sprained right ankle Tuesday and put off his return to the lineup until Friday in Cleveland. He said there was still some swelling in his ankle. . . . Ron Guidry threw 69 pitches in a simulated game Tuesday afternoon. The left-hander, whose sore left shoulder has prevented him from pitching this season, is not eligible to come off the 21-day disabled list until next Tuesday.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Brief Session for Congress
Congress began a four-week session to consider legislation to keep the Government in cash and consider a bill on abortion rights. Page A16. Russians Finding Their Way
Many Russians appear to be staying afloat in the complicated transition between a Communist society and a market economy. Page A10. Clues to the Stone Age
A vivid picture of how Stone Age man was equipped is emerging from research on a 5,000-year-old body found in a glacier. Science Times, page C1. Women's AIDS Rate Climbs
The latest data show that women are now becoming infected with AIDS about as often as men, and the gap is closing. Page C3.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The former accountant for A. R. Baron & Company is being sued for $77 million for failing to uncover a stock-fraud scheme at the defunct brokerage firm.
BDO Seidman L.L.P. was A. R. Baron's accountant from 1992 to 1996, when the brokerage firm closed. The 40-page complaint was filed on Friday in Federal court in Manhattan by the Securities Investor Protection Corporation and the A. R. Baron trustee, James Giddens. Both are managing A. R. Baron's liquidation in bankruptcy court.
BDO Seidman, based in New York, joins a growing number of accountants being sued for a brokerage firm's failure. On March 5, Arthur Andersen was ordered to pay creditors of the DeLorean Motor Company as much as $112 million for failing to uncover illegal accounting practices. Also, Arthur Andersen and Mahoney Cohen & Company were sued last week for their reported role in the collapse of Bennett Funding Group Inc.
BDO Seidman was paid more than $267,000 by A. R. Baron, for which it failed in its duties, the lawsuit said.
Officials at BDO Seidman declined to comment, saying they had not seen the lawsuit.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The chief executive at the Cordiant Communications Group in London will step down three months earlier than planned.
Michael Bungey, the chief executive and executive director, will give up the chief executive post on Jan. 1 instead of in March because Cordiant is completing its reorganization sooner than expected, the agency company said in a statement. Mr. Bungey, 62, will continue as executive director until March.
Cordiant announced in September that David Hearn, 47, the chairman and chief executive at the Bates Group unit of Cordiant, would succeed Mr. Bungey as chief executive at the parent company.
THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING -- ADDENDA<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The United Nations Security Council unanimously voted in favor of a resolution strengthening the enforcement of penalties -- including the freezing of funds, an arms embargo and travel prohibitions -- against Osama bin Laden, Al Qaeda, the Taliban and their associates. It also called on governments to submit updated reports on their efforts.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>ROSS-Irwin. On September 23, 1997. Beloved husband of Marian, devoted father of Amy Siegel and Aileen Lerner and sons-in-law Fred Siegel and Harvey Lerner. Cherished grandfather of Zachary, Margot, Jeremy and Jordan. Memorial service Thursday, 12 noon, at ''The Riverside'', 76th Street and Amsterdam Avenue.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>THE Spanish dictionary defines estancia as a cattle ranch, but in Argentina, a country of vast range land and fertile pampa, it has a much larger meaning. It conjures up a romantic image of Argentina's past, a past the country hopes to bring back to life.
In the 1800's large landowners organized their bands of gauchos -- or Argentine cowboys -- on huge properties, most tending vast herds of cattle and sheep, but sometimes raiding the land of rival landowners. The wealthy built palatial homes and filled them with fine furniture from Europe. A family's social standing often depended on how large its estancia was, or how many estancias it owned.
The estancia was the symbol of power, wealth and national pride.
But Argentina's 40-year struggle with inflation, military governments and isolationism has changed some of that. Though still critical to the country's economy, the estancias are smaller, and their grandeur has faded. Seeking to make the ranches profitable, families have begun to open them to the public.
The traveler cannot expect classic hotel facilities. Estancias often accommodate visitors in guest houses on the property, not in the owners' homes. They can generally accommodate a maximum of between eight and 14 guests, and they do not have Jacuzzis, weight rooms or faxes.
Still, they are charming places of rest, generally with fascinating flora and fauna.
Many ranches that take guests specialize. Building on the country's love of polo, several nationally known players have set up polo schools. Other estancias are working farms similar to dude ranches. Still others simply give the traveler who wants to escape Buenos Aires a chance to get away for a quiet weekend, bask in Argentine lore, and swim, play tennis or fish.
Estancias are situated throughout Argentina, from the most northern regions down to Tierra del Fuego. But the greatest concentration is within a two-hour drive of Buenos Aires.
In late September, as the southern spring blossomed with bridal wreath, azaleas and apple blossoms, my wife, Elizabeth, and I spent a day and a night at each of two estancias, La Portena and Benquerencia, and two nights at a third, in Santa Candida. Each of these places deserves a full weekend.  La Portena
I had been on a horse probably four times in my life before we arrived at La Portena, an estancia of nearly 700 acres 70 miles north of the capital near the town of San Antonio de Areco. The owners are Manuel and Keka Guiraldes. She is a quiet, relaxed hostess who understands that the charm of La Portena is its solitude. He is one of the country's better polo players, with a six handicap. (A 10 handicap is the highest, held by only seven people in the country. At Manuel's age of 45, a six is considered quite high.)
Their estancia, bounded to the north by a small river, has vast grazing fields for Manuel's 80 polo ponies and woods laced with horse trails. There are no thoroughbreds, but the smaller polo ponies are ideal for riding, since they are trained for speed, agility and an ability to endure hard riding. Riders at all levels can be accommodated.
The housing complex where we stayed is surrounded by rolling green lawns full of majestic pines, sycamores and larches. The grounds inspire walking, sitting, watching a brilliant sunset as you drink afternoon tea.  The architecture is whitewashed Spanish colonial with dark green wood trim.
On the first afternoon Hugo, the resident gaucho, took us on a leisurely ride. He politely asked about our riding experience, assigning me to a gentle horse named Juanita and my wife, a more experienced rider, to a more spirited mount. We toured the grounds at a walk, until we could not resist the urge to move faster. Hugo instructed me carefully, since the polo saddle is the minimal English model. When we hit the open fields we began a slow canter -- which turned into a gallop when we headed back to the barn. (Insect repellent comes in handy on these excursions, we found.)
The next morning Manuel had me up on his wooden training polo horse practicing the forward and backward swing, an exhilarating combination of golf, tennis and croquet. Within a half an hour we were out on their lush groomed private polo field knocking the ball around; my horse, Linda, was perfect for a rank beginner.
La Portena is an ideal place to begin learning the sport. Manuel doesn't speak much English, but has a close friend who works with him when guests do not speak Spanish. For experienced players, Manuel offers intensive training up to seven hours a day. The cost of the polo training package is $250 a day for players, $125 for nonplayers accompanying them. Prices include accommodations. But La Portena is not just polo. It also offers a glimpse into gaucho lore and Argentine literary history. Ricardo Guiraldes, Manuel's great uncle and perhaps the most famous Argentine writer on gauchos, wrote most of his works here.
The regular price at La Portena is a minimum of $250 a night, which covers lodging, three meals and afternoon tea for two adults (children are not encouraged). Singles are $180 a night. Argentine fare is typically straightforward and tasty; the meat has no equal. Lunch features the Argentine asado, the country's famous range-fed beef cooked over a wood fire. Three cuts of beef are served at different stages of the meal, along with salad, homemade bread, wine and dessert.
Tea is served as the sun sets and the fragrance of the wisteria and jasmine seem the strongest. Dinner is served around 9:30; the night we were there it included baked chicken in a wine and mushroom sauce, mashed potatoes, salad and a terrific country flan for dessert.
Breakfast consists of coffee, juice, crescent rolls called medialunas, toast, butter and jam. Omelettes are available on request. High-quality Argentine wine is included with lunch, dinner and at evening cocktails.
While guests often gather with the hosts at other estancias, here you are left alone and have a choice of dining with the other guests in the main dining room, or eating alone in an equally elegant smaller dining room. Both rooms, though modest in size, are filled with large ornate, dark English sideboards and corner cupboards and adorned with antique silver.
While the family lives in the one-story main house, the guest house -- 15 feet away and connected by a veranda, built by Ricardo Guiraldes -- is the showpiece. In typical period design, it has four rooms on the first floor, and Guiraldes's large, ornate study on the second. The four large bedrooms, each with a fireplace, are furnished with two or three single beds and decorated with country antiques, frilly pillows and colorful fabrics.  Copies of Mr Guiraldes's works lie about. Each bedroom has a private, modern bath. Insect repellent spray and an electric device are both provided to to keep mosquitoes away at night; windows and doors are not screened.
At night there is absolute quiet. Guests, unless they are on a polo-playing regime, often arise close to midday, since many Argentines have the habit of staying up until 2 A.M. Breakfast is served whenever they wake.
There are two common rooms -- a library and a second room attached to the stables, where Manuel keeps his polo equipment and collection of books and polo memorabilia.
La Portena also has a small swimming pool, and guests can use the tennis courts and golf course at a private club three miles away at a modest fee. Santa Candida
Here, at the end of a six-mile dirt road in the province of Entre Rios, three hours north of Buenos Aires, one steps into 19th-century Argentina at the estate of its first constitutional president, Gen. Justo Jose de Urquiza.
In 1870, 10 years after he left office, the General was assassinated in his San Jose Palace 20 miles from Santa Candida by soldiers loyal to one of his enemies.
At one point he owned four million acres of land in Entre Rios. Santa Candida was never his home. It was the office for his giant meat salting company, the largest in the world at the time.
The ornate Victorian three-story manse that is now the guest house was the head office.
Though still in need of further restoration, it is a fine example of 19th-century splendor, with 12-foot ceilings, ornate columns, heavy carved wooden doors, enormous fireplaces and marble and oak floors. Oil paintings of the General and other family members hang on the walls next to old tapestries. Chandeliers the size of Christmas trees illuminate the main areas. On the four sides of the house are statues of the Greek gods of spring, summer, fall and winter.
Santa Candida sits on a tributary of the Uruguay River surrounded by sweeping lawns, but not much is left of the vast original estate. Since he fathered more than 20 children and the government appropriated its share, the estate has been broken up.
Santa Candida was in shambles for years, until it was bought in the 1970's by one of the General's grandchildren, Francisco Jose Saenz Valiente.
Though there are still rooms where the paint is peeling, and the lawns are not meticulous, those considerations quickly fade. At 85, Mr. Saenz Valiente and his wife, Helena, 70, offer an exquisite experience of fine food and wine, served by white-gloved waiters. Much of the charm emanates from the hosts themselves, who live in Buenos Aires and spend many weekends here in a third-floor suite in the main house.
Mr. Saenz Valiente will give anyone interested a glimpse of Argentine life in the past century through stories handed down over the years.
Mrs. Saenz Valiente has traveled in the United States and Europe and speaks fluent English.
Guests eat breakfast and lunch on their own, either in their rooms, in a small dining room or out on the lawns. Afternoon tea is served on a patio overlooking the river or next to a crackling fire in a sitting room. For the evening meal, everyone gathers at the endless dining room table under the gaze of Apollo and an exquisite crystal chandelier. As a fire blazes, Argentine politics, history, psychology and soccer are discussed. (Many of the Argentine guests here speak English, and they are intensely interested in Europe and the United States.) After dinner, most retire to Mr. Saenz Valiente's private study to drink tea or coffee, sign the guest book and continue the conversation.
While much of the time at Santa Candida is spent relaxing and soaking up history, don't miss the river fishing if you like the sport. Tito Martinez, manager, maitre d'hotel and tour guide, knows a secret spot on the river where hundreds of fish congregate. There, with the right equipment, you can pull in 12- to 15-pound dorados, a brilliantly yellow, powerful fish with fierce teeth that is referred to as the river tiger and is great sport on light tackle. Just remember to bring pliers along to remove the hook, and visit a tackle shop in Buenos Aires before going to make sure you use the proper lures. No tackle is provided.
We arrived with the wrong tackle and fished at the wrong time, but still Elizabeth pulled in a 12-pound dorado that jumped eight times before he began to tire. When we returned at sunset, we had an almost surreal experience. Suddenly a strange river rish, the sabalo, began feeding; within minutes, hundreds of the fat blue and silver fish were feeding in a head-down position, the tips of the tail fins sticking out of the water like little sailboats.
I caught one on a brown wooly lure, but the hook was so small that it bent under the weight of the fish when I pulled it into the boat.
The rate of $160 per room per night includes breakfast and dinner; tea is about $10 a person and lunch about $20. Use of the outboard, for either fishing or skiing, is $60 an hour. There is also a small Hobie catamaran for skippers available free.
There are a handful of quiet horses that offer a walk throughout the countryside for $3 a hour, access to a private nine-hole golf course five miles away for a modest fee and a poorly kept tennis court that should be used only for casual games. The tennis is free.  Benquerencia
If you want to see what a working estancia is all about, and at the same time enjoy perhaps the most picturesque and immaculate ranch in the area, Benquerencia is worth a visit. Its sheer size -- over 6,000 acres of cattle, horses, oats and wheat -- gives one the sense of being far away from Buenos Aires's 11 million people, though it is only 90 miles south of the city, about a two-hour drive.
Part of Benquerencia was once a public park that came under private ownership, and the owner, Guillermo Staudt, has preserved the landscape wonderfully. Meticulous gardens tended by his wife, Martha, meander throughout the property. One can wander under huge pine, willow and eucalyptus trees, see herons and hawks.
The medium-sized pool is spotless. Tennis courts are available in the town of Monte, 15 miles away.
Mr. Staudt, who often dresses up in his traditional gaucho costumes to welcome visitors, is also a collector of antique horse-drawn carriages, and visitors may arrange rides, with the price varying with the size of the carriage and the number of horses used. The large carriage that carries seven and is pulled by four horses costs $300. The ride last about an hour. Our ride in a two-person carriage with two horses cost $150. The cost of a stay is $160 a night a person, including three meals and afternoon tea. Singles are charged $220 a night.
Visitors enter the estancia by way of a long winding grass driveway.  The columned main house is a white 19th-century colonial building with red tiled roof, antiques, high ceilings and fireplaces.
Though small by comparison with the main house, the rooms in the guest house are clean, filled with country antiques and decorated in a hunting motif. Fires fill the common rooms with the scent of woodsmoke.
Of the four bedrooms, two share a bathroom and two others have private baths. Three have twin beds, one a double. Instead of shades, the windows have wooden shutters that close from the inside. One main kerosene heater in the hallway heats the rooms sufficiently.
The simple, tasty food reflects a German touch: cold cuts, potato salads and cheeses, along with the usual delicious beef.
Benquerencia breeds jumping horses, and riding here is a special treat.  Angel Alvarez, a 26-year-old gaucho who specialized in training horses, accompanied me on a two-hour ride the length and breadth of the ranch.  We passed a pasture where pregnant mares were kept, and a corral of younger horses, another pasture filled with prized Hereford bulls, and still another with Holstein steers being fattened for market. There is abundant birdlife here, with hawks, falcons, ducks, egrets, storks and herons, as well as South America's largest bird, the flightless Greater Rhea, Argentina's version of an ostrich. Called Nandu in Argentina, they are hunted here and so are very skittish. ROUNDING UP A RANCH Agencies
The quality and services available at estancias can vary widely. It is a good idea to book through an agency that knows the facilities that each estancia offers; that way polo instructors, for example, will be waiting.
The following two agencies, both of which have English-speaking staffs, coordinate business among Argentina's more than 60 estancias:
Campos & Tradicion, 652 Avenue Cordoba, Seventh Floor, Suite C, 1054 Buenos Aires, Argentina; telephone 322-6023. The country code for Argentina is 54, the city code for Buenos Aires is 1.
Circulos Magicos, 864 Uruguay, Third Floor, Office 305, 1015 Buenos Aires; 814-3550. The Weather
The hottest months are January and February, and few estancias have air-conditioning. -- N. A.
NATHANIEL C. NASH is the chief of the Buenos Aires bureau of The Times.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>BIG corporations dominate the New York skyline with their swaggering processions of office towers. For most New Yorkers, however, it is the smaller companies that define the city's styles and rhythms. This is a town packed tight with people who have the money and the attitude to demand special goods and services, and with entrepreneurs more than happy to indulge them.
For example, where else but in New York,  Park Slope to be exact, would there be a shop that sells nothing but water? The Water Store on Fifth Avenue between Third and Fourth Streets was opened in June by two Caribbean immigrants. Patrick Wilson, an owner from Grenada, says the store offers four kinds of water: distilled, spring, deep well and carbon-filtered New York tap. Prices are $4 to $6.25 for five-gallon jugs, which can be delivered.
''When you look at the water contamination, you know there will be a yearning for clean water,'' Mr. Wilson said. ''We wanted to be in on the front line of this.''
A store devoted to water may seem odd, but at least everyone gets thirsty at times. Then there is a shop on East 149th Street, near the Grand Concourse in the Bronx, limited to clothing and memorabilia related to Hispanic sports stars. The Latino Sports Clubhouse opened its doors about 16 months ago. The owner, Julio Pabon, a former aide to Andrew Stein when Mr. Stein was president of the City Council, said the 1998 baseball season put his shop on the map.
''Wherever Sammy Sosa is, I want to kiss him,'' Mr. Pabon said of the Dominican slugger who hit 66 home runs for the Chicago Cubs this year, second only to Mark McGwire's record 70. ''This was our definitive year.''
Another much larger ethnic business, and one that hit critical mass in 1998, is Golden Krust Caribbean Bakery. It has a factory in the Eastchester section of the Bronx and about 35 fast-food restaurants, including 16 franchises, in five states. The owner of the parent company, Lowell Hawthorne, 38, said his goal was to have his meat patties, curried goat and coco bread replace the Big Mac. It may seem like a wild dream, but Golden Krust already sells 3.6 million patties a year to the New York school system.
''We spent a lot of money on advertising in 1998,'' said Mr. Hawthorne, who is particularly proud of the new Golden Krust restaurants on Chambers Street and 23d Street in Manhattan. ''And the two Manhattan locations gave us a lot of visibility.''
Tourism was a highly visible business in 1998, and one sign of the boom emerged in Flatbush, Brooklyn, where a former curriculum writer for the school system is offering rooms in local houses to foreigners. Her name is Helayne Soloway Wagner and she founded Homestay New York late last year. Ms. Wagner said she placed clients in some 40 homes this summer, most of them in Brooklyn, for from $95 to $125 per day, double occupancy. Ms. Wagner has put a few clients up in her house, prompting her grown son to ask if he now has to make an appointment when he wants to visit.
Clemson Brown of Flatbush was also hard at work in 1998, trying to help the local traveler. His company, Universal Telecommunications, which he founded in the mid-80's, owns and operates 480 pay phones in every borough except Staten Island. The phone company got about 40 percent of the $1 million he took in last year. Maintaining phones on city streets can be tough, but Mr. Brown said he enjoys doing business in New York. ''It's aggressive competition,'' he said. ''But I've carved out a niche.''
Kent Diebolt offers a service that is in demand given New York's large supply of older buildings. His company, Vertical Access, performs building inspections for architects and engineers, using rope-climbing techniques to get to otherwise inaccessible places. On one September afternoon, Mr. Diebolt, who opened an office in Greenwich Village last summer, hung from the bell tower of Marble Collegiate Church at Fifth Avenue and 29th Street and inspected the facade inch by inch.
''It's amazing what you can smell up there,'' he said. ''Somebody's perfume, somebody's pipe. The same perfume a girlfriend used to wear in high school.''
Such boutique businesses are more common in the city these days, but there is still some heavy industry. This summer, A. L. Eastmond & Sons, a manufacturer of industrial boilers and steel storage tanks in Hunts Point, the Bronx, expanded its operation by 58,000 square feet. The president of the 73-year-old company, Leon Eastmond, said the new space would be used for its boiler cleaning operations, among other things.
''It pains me to see all the industry that's left the city,'' said Mr. Eastmond, 72, whose father founded the company. ''But we're right here.''
NEW YORKERS & CO.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Re "Yankee Stadium Needs Satellite Parking Lot With a Shuttle Bus" (letter, Aug. 30): The satellite parking lot Yankee Stadium needs isn't the giant shopping center in Yonkers. It's the lots and garages in White Plains, Stamford, Scarsdale and the other towns in New York and Connecticut with Metro-North stations.
Metro-North's Hudson line runs right by the stadium, and plans to create a Yankee Stadium station have floated around for years. It was part of an unfinished agreement between the Koch administration and the Yankees that would also have torn down Macombs Dam Park in front of the stadium to build yet another mammoth parking garage.
Trains from Metro-North's Harlem and New Haven divisions would reach the Yankee Stadium station via a connecting track that runs behind the 149th Street post office, built years ago for this purpose.
New York City and Metro-North are missing a valuable opportunity to reduce pollution and traffic congestion, not to mention complaints from baseball team owners. Thousands of baseball fans from the northern suburbs would get the ultimate in secure parking -- by simply leaving their cars at home. ED RAVIN  Bronx, Sept. 1, 1993<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Bravo! Your July 9 front-page article on health maintenance organization care was enlightening but frightening. I do not think the American people realize that their health care is being controlled by the chief executive officers of their health maintenance organization plan.
Big corporations are buying into these less expensive plans for their employees to save money, but the chief executive officers of these same corporations can afford to purchase any health plan they choose. The same goes for our Congress.
Yes, the prepaid health plans will slow the growth of Medicare and Medicaid because the doctors are dictated to by the H.M.O.'s on "how not to treat a patient." No treatment, no payment.
All I can say is that someday all of these decision makers will be old or out of a job, and they will have to live with their decisions or change them to fit their needs.
It's frightening to see that we are letting these H.M.O. executives take the medical decisions away from our doctors. The health maintenance organizations are for profit, but whose profit? Wake up, America! Your health care is being taken away from you.  MARGARET L. FRANCIS  Edina, Minn., July 9, 1995<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>When a woman grows old, her limbs become brittle, her elbows show knots and her hair thins. But this does not mean she should be hauled off to the woodshed.
The oldest grandmother in Queens lives behind the Kingsland Homestead on 37th Avenue.
Like so many in Flushing, she is an immigrant, having come to America in 1847.
She is a big, stocky Belgian, more than 60 feet high, 85 feet wide and 14 feet in circumference. Her name is Fagus sylvatica, more commonly known as the weeping European beech tree.
Some one million weeping European beech trees around the world, Queens historians said, have their genetic origins from the Belgian grandmother in Queens.
Her neighbors planned a party on Saturday for the venerable tree -- only one of two living landmarks in New York -- to celebrate her sesquicentennial.
The other living landmark is the Magnolia Grandiflora in Bedford-Stuyvesant.
''Longfellow wrote about the village chestnut tree, but no one ever wrote about the weeping beech,'' said Byron Saunders, executive director of the Queens Historical Society. ''We thought the weeping beech should at least have a party.''
Her blood is blue. The original beech was owned by the Baron de Mare of Beersel, Belgium. A four-inch cutting was brought to America by Samuel Bowne Parsons, a Flushing horticulturist who was in Europe collecting plant specimens.
''She is a beautiful old girl,''said Shameer Bahdi, a neighbor who sleeps in the refracted moonlight that pours into his bedroom window through the weeping beech's branches.
The old girl almost died two years ago, when the winter tore into her like a bear claw. Two large branches snapped off and it looked as though she would topple over. But the Parks Department's tree surgeon put pins and wires through her joints. she is expected to last a few more years.
She made it to her birthday, and the Belgian Counsel General, Luk Darras, will take a cutting back to Europe.
CHARLIE LeDUFF
NEIGHBORHOOD REPORT: FLUSHING<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>TOBIN-Maureen Ives. Wife, mother, friend and volunteer, died Friday after a two year battle with cancer. Active with The International Preschool. She is survived by husband Robert, children Katharine, Eric, Laura & Anna of Stamford, mother Mary Ives & sister Susan Morgan, both of England. Predeceased by father Eric Ives. Memorial service at First Presbyterian Church, Bedford St., Stamford, CT, December 14, 7 PM. In lieu of flowers, donations to the charity of your choice.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3*ANB Corp.
Qtr to Sept 30
1993
1992
Net inc
1,262,000
1,172,000
Per share
.56
.52
9mo net inc
4,117,000
3,511,000
Per share
1.82
1.56<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: To the Editor:
To the Editor:
In ''A Slowdown for Soviet Joint Ventures,'' April 15, it is stated that Soviet joint ventures with Western corporations aren't working out too well.
Although the author may be correct in a general sense, a reader might get the impression that such projects just aren't working at all. From experience, I can tell of one such joint venture that is working well - even exceeding expectations.
On March 6, 1989, the first nongovernmental printing shop to operate in the Soviet Union since the 1920's opened in Moscow. It was a franchised AlphaGraphics Printshops of the Future, a joint venture of Phargo Management and Consulting Ltd. of Toronto, and Kniga Publishing House, a Soviet firm. The joint venture was formed to operate modern, high-tech quick-printing centers in the Soviet Union. The first shop met with such success that a second was opened in November. The venture has also opened two book stores in Moscow and published a book.
The results of the first year's operations are now available. Earnings of $110,000 (Canadian) and 500,000 rubles were reported. The hard currency can be repatriated; the rubles have been reinvested in the Soviet Union. More shops are planned.
Based on information in The Times's article, this is the exception, not the rule, but it does prove that such ventures can succeed and some of the profits can be repatriated. Incidentally, the Soviets seem as anxious to earn hard currency as their Western partners, so they also have a stake in a convertible ruble.
RODGER FORD
President
AlphaGraphics Inc.
Tucson, Ariz., April 16<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Imagine Randy Johnson, Roger Clemens and Kerry Wood facing the Bad News Bears. That is how it seems when the United States softball team plays in the Olympics.
In their first four games here, the United States pitchers have thrown four shutouts and three one-hitters. In 25 innings, opposing teams have 29 strikeouts, 6 singles and 4 walks. If pitching wins titles, the United States should win the gold medal for the third Olympics in a row.
''I can't really say we've ever had a weak pitching staff,'' said Lori Harrigan, who pitched all seven innings of Tuesday's 4-0 victory over China. ''Of all the pitching staffs we've had, I don't think I can say this is the best or the worst.''
Statistically, of course, it is impossible to have a better earned run average than this team. The glamorous Jennie Finch gets most of the attention, but she leads a deep staff that includes Harrigan; Lisa Fernandez, an experienced right-hander; and Cat Osterman, a 21-year-old left-hander.
Not every victory has been easy. The first two games ended early when the mercy rule -- a seven-run lead after five innings -- took effect. The third game, against Japan, was scoreless until the United States scored three runs in the eighth inning.
On Tuesday, China's leadoff hitter reached on a single, and Harrigan allowed no hits the rest of the way.
''The key to the U.S. team is you have to keep the runs close,'' the China coach, Shan McDonald, said. ''You're not going to score that many runs off them, even on your best day.''
Softball was introduced as an Olympic sport in 1996, and in winning the gold medal in Atlanta and in Sydney, Australia, the United States won 15 of 19 games. Three teams beat the United States in 2000 -- Australia, Japan and China -- but the Americans have already beaten each of them in Athens.
Finch, who threw three no-hit innings in the opening game against Italy, said that any team could beat the United States at any time. But the college system that feeds the national team, and an extensive pre-Olympic tour, gives the United States a distinct advantage.
''In the U.S., there are more opportunities to develop players from the age of 8, 9 or 10 years old,'' McDonald said. ''From college to the Olympic level, with endorsements, it can become more of a career. There's very good coaching in the U.S., very good instruction.''
The pitchers also have, in the parlance of major leaguers, filthy stuff. Finch throws about 66 miles an hour from 43 feet, roughly the equivalent of 95 m.p.h. from the 60 feet 6 inches in baseball. Coach Mike Candrea said that each pitcher could throw a pitch that rises, one that drops, an off-speed pitch, a screwball and a curveball.
''That's what our staff tries to do, have a lot of pitches to work with,'' said catcher Jenny Topping, who went 2 for 2 with a triple on Tuesday. ''It makes it enjoyable to call a pitch and know it's going to move and go where you want it to go.''
The United States can also hit, outscoring its opponents by 24-0 in the four games. The United States hitters are probably the best in the world; apparently, they are the only ones who can touch the American pitching staff.
''I think one of the things we have on our side is we don't have to face our team,'' Harrigan said. ''We face our team in intrasquad scrimmages, and they hit us all year.''
SUMMER 2004 GAMES -- SOFTBALL: PRELIMINARY ROUND<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>After the Justice Department's decision to open an ethics inquiry into the practices of the independent counsel Kenneth W. Starr, Attorney General Janet Reno said today that she had never tried to hamper Mr. Starr's investigations.
''I have tried my level best to do this the right way, to insure that there was no effort whatsoever to interfere with his investigation,'' Ms. Reno said at her weekly news conference, referring to her overall dealings with Mr. Starr. ''And I am convinced that nothing has been done, but I will continue to work to insure that result.''
Mr. Starr's supporters in Congress have criticized the Justice Department in recent days after news articles disclosed that the inquiry had moved ahead with an exchange of letters between the department and Mr. Starr's prosecutors. The Office of Independent Counsel has objected to the ethics investigation on the ground that it will improperly intrude on the prosecutor's autonomy from the department.
Today, Senator Orrin G. Hatch, the Utah Republican who is chairman of the Judiciary Committee, said he was troubled by leaks to the press about the internal inquiry by the Office of Professional Responsibility, the department's in-house ethics unit. Mr. Hatch said he would meet with Ms. Reno on Friday to discuss the matter.
''The articles appeared in the press while the Senate was conducting final deliberations on the articles of impeachment against President Clinton,'' the Senator said. ''The timing of these articles could not be more suspicious.''
At her news conference, Ms. Reno denied that there was hostility between the department and the Office of Independent Counsel. Law-enforcement officials have said that lawyers in the two agencies had feuded over whether the department had the authority to investigate Mr. Starr's operation and that Ms. Reno had once asked her aides whether she could discipline Mr. Starr short of removal from office.
''I don't feel any tension or animosity,'' she said. ''I just see everyone trying to work together to figure out what the right thing to do is.''
She fended off specific questions about the inquiry by the Office of Professional Responsibility, which investigates complaints of prosecutorial misconduct. The inquiry will focus on whether Mr. Starr's prosecutors misled the Justice Department about possible conflicts of interest regarding any contacts with the Paula Jones legal team in January 1998, when they asked the department to expand the prosecutors' jurisdiction to investigate the Monica Lewinsky matter.
''As I have said all along, I try not to comment with respect to the independent counsel's function,'' Ms. Reno said. ''I will, however, continue to look to see how I may comment in a way that is fair to all concerned, consistent with the law and consistent with ethical considerations.''  THE PRESIDENT'S TRIAL: THE ETHICS INQUIRY<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: To the Editor:
To the Editor:
Combining insurance protection with investment involves more pitfalls than those considered by Mary Rowland (''How to Buy Life Insurance,'' June 17). Ms. Rowland says, ''You want a careful company, one that will be around to make good . . . 30, 40 or 50 years from now.''
More important, if you ever want to see your savings again after you have invested them in a full life insurance policy, you had better, yourself, be careful to stay alive for the next 30, 40 or 50 years.
In the event of your ''premature'' demise, the insurance company gets to keep all of your investment and the income it has generated. In the example cited by Ms. Rowland, more than 65 percent of the premium goes into the cash value of the policy which is completely lost to the estate of the insured upon his death.
The policyholder who confuses insurance protection with insurance investment finds himself in a no-win situation. He pays for two financial packages, but the insurance company only pays off on one.
It would seem that full policyholders need an additional insurance policy to safegyard the investment value of their policies that would otherwise be lost upon their death!
HOWARD I. PODELL  Consulting Engineer  New Rochelle, N.Y., June 17<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Bill, Jimmy . . . Meet Q-Tip
TWO ex-presidents and a rapper walk into a nightclub. They don't say much, especially the ex-president from Georgia. ''I don't want to interfere with your music, so God bless you,'' he says, flashing his famous grin and exiting the stage. The rapper and the other ex-president say a few more words and leave. There's no punch line, but there is a bottom line: $250,000 for the Democratic party.
Jimmy Carter, Bill Clinton and Q-Tip drew more than 3,000 people paying at least $50 a head on Thursday night at Dream, a huge nightclub in northeast Washington. It was a young, racially mixed crowd, many at their first political fund-raiser. Many were too young to remember Mr. Carter's presidency or to imagine that innocent bygone era when a politician could get in trouble for just lusting in his heart. But they cheered him wildly. He was a Democrat, and that was enough.
The event was a new way to exploit the hipness gap between the parties. Democrats used to do it by raking in big donations from show business stars and moguls in Hollywood and New York, but the new campaign finance rules have outlawed those large contributions. So the Democrats are going straight to young fans. Since October, they have held events at nightclubs in five cities, generating cash, e-mail addresses and a new generation of fund-raisers.
Could young Republicans pack a nightclub like Dream? The question was put to Q-Tip as he relaxed on a velvet couch next to a beautiful woman in a V.I.P. lounge. ''I don't know about that,'' he said. ''But after these jokes Bush has been making about W.M.D.'s, maybe they could fill a comedy club.''
Political Humor: It's a Fine Line
IT seemed a little odd to hear a rapper faulting the president's propriety, just as it seemed odd at first to see Democrats outraged about the president's joke at a journalists' dinner Wednesday night. After all, when he showed a photograph of himself looking under furniture at the White House and said he was searching for weapons of mass destruction, it was the same basic joke that Democrats had been using for months. Dennis J. Kucinich got big laughs by suggesting that Mr. Bush's real purpose in going to Mars was to find W.M.D.'s.
So why couldn't Mr. Bush make the joke about himself? You could dismiss the controversy as partisan posturing, which some conservatives did. But the joke also left some Republicans unamused, like Christopher Buckley, the comic novelist and former speechwriter for Mr. Bush's father. ''How is the audience supposed to respond?'' he asked. ''Stop, sir, you're killing us!''
Consider the consequences if, say, President Clinton had tried borrowing his critics' comedy in 1998. Suppose he had told a joke about his trying to seduce an intern that ended with a punch line like, ''Hey, what are they going to do, impeach me?'' It might have drawn a laugh at dinner, but Mr. Clinton would have been in trouble the next day.
''In 1998 I was the only humor writer in America not writing Monica jokes,'' said Mark Katz, the author of ''Clinton and Me,'' an account of his experiences working on Mr. Clinton's comic speeches. ''When Clinton gave speeches during that time, for him not to do jokes about impeachment would be to suggest he was living in an alternate universe. But he had to be careful. He could do jokes about the smoke but not the fire.''
That meant it was O.K. to joke about Kenneth Starr but not about a blue dress. At the 1999 Gridiron Dinner, Mr. Clinton won over the room when he looked back at the impeachment ordeal and said: ''Let's don't kid each other. This was an awful year. It was a year I wouldn't wish on my worst enemy.'' Pause. ''I take that back.''
Even after Mr. Bush's joke, he still seems to have the comic edge on John Kerry, who has acknowledged the need to lighten his image. ''I guess I'll do my share of shows, make fun of myself,'' Mr. Kerry said in a recent interview, referring to late-night talk shows and ''Saturday Night Live,'' for which he said he would be willing to be the host.
If Mr. Kerry is looking for self-deprecating material, there is plenty available from his enemies. The Republican National Committee has dubbed him the International Man of Mystery (for not divulging which foreign leaders favor his election) and has illustrated his changing policies in a Web video cartoon of a boxing match, Kerry versus Kerry, with ringside commentary from Don King. Mr. Kerry might get away with some Austin Powers jokes about himself as well as some gibes at his minor flip-flops, but he too would probably get in trouble if he joked about changing views on life-and-death matters like Iraq or terrorism.
When it comes to political humor on important issues, the rule seems to be just the reverse of ethnic humor. If you want to tell a Jewish or an Irish joke, you have to be Jewish or Irish yourself. If you want to make fun of a political mistake with serious consequences, you can't be the one who made it.
Political Points<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Re ''Democracy at Risk,'' by Paul Krugman (column, Jan. 23):
How could anyone disagree that electronic voting machines should produce a paper receipt for verification? To question this basic common sense should be used as a test of Republicans' patriotism, just as they have tried to use the Iraq war as a test for Democrats.
ANN MACDONALD  Joliet, Ill., Jan. 23, 2004<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>COOK--Aubrey William on September 5, 2003. Former Officer in the British Navy and served during World War II on the British HMS Retreiver. A Memorial Service in his memory will be held on Friday, September 12 at John Krtil Funeral Home, 1297 First Ave, NYC from 4-5 PM. In lieu of flowers donations in his memory preferred to the National Audubon Society, 700 Broadway, NY, NY 10003.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Llona S. Lang of Falls Church, Va., tried to put her bitter, 1988 divorce behind her. But in 1991, she had to dig up personal and financial information in response to a notice of a tax audit from the internal Revenue Service. "I thought I was free and in control of my life," she recalled. "But you aren't free until the I.R.S. says so."
The I.R.S. asked her to provide documents on her income and on more than 30 items claimed as deductions for the 1989 tax year.
Ms. Lang, who is now 48, emerged from the audit unsathed. She attributes her success to good financial records and to assistance by Elizabeth A. Grenfell, a certified public accountant and former I.R.S. auditor in Arlington, Va.  HOW THEY DO IT<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The pictures of a dozen outside directors in General Electric's 2005 annual report seem out of sync, as if some of the heads were photographed and then pasted onto the bodies. They were, confirmed a company spokesman, Russell Wilkerson, who said that some photographs had been taken individually and others in small groups. They were then assembled, he said, for a panoramic shot of the powerhouse board, which includes Rochelle B. Lazarus, the chairwoman and chief executive of Ogilvy Mather Worldwide, and Ralph S. Larsen, the former chief executive of Johnson & Johnson.
Directors had a 94 percent attendance rate for the 12 board meetings last year, Mr. Wilkerson said, but scheduling conflicts and the hours it takes to set up equipment and lighting made capturing all the directors at one time difficult.
Even so, G.E. displayed the directors together, he said, because ''we wanted to present the board as part of the theme, 'Go Big,' which is about who we are, our size, our strength and our diversity.''
On the page preceding the group picture, the text said the directors were fully informed of the key risks and issues facing G.E. Could that be true, wondered James B. Planey, a real estate broker who is a trustee for a G.E. shareholder, ''if they cannot even get in the same room together?''
ELIZABETH OLSON
OPENERS: SUITS
Correction:  April 9, 2006, Sunday  A brief report in the Suits column last Sunday, about a composite picture of General Electric directors in the company's 2005 annual report, described the montage technique incorrectly. G.E. says that while some directors were photographed separately for the composite, pictures of directors' heads were not pasted onto separate pictures of bodies.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>O. Andrew Jung, senior director for advertising and media services at the Kellogg Co., Battle Creek, Mich., was named chairman of the American Advertising Federation, Washington, for 2005-6. Mr. Jung, who had been vice chairman for 2004-5, succeeds Jack Griffin, president at the Meredith Publishing Group, New York, part of the Meredith Corp. Murray Gaylord, vice president for brand marketing at Yahoo, Sunnyvale, Calif., was named vice chairman for 2005-6.
MARKETING: ADDENDA<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>SCHECHNER-Kenneth S. 12/16/5612/23/97. ''Not all of me is dust. Within my song, safe from the worm, my spirit will survive.'' Love, Mother, Dad, Alan, Diane and Karen<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>GEORGE W. BUSH -- St. Louis
AL GORE -- Washington<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>In percent
Previous
Year
Yesterday
Day
Ago
Prime rate
8.50
8.50
8.50
Discount rate
5.00
5.00
5.00
Federal funds
5.50
5.43
5.50
3-month T-bills
4.98
4.91
5.05
6-month T-bills
5.02
5.00
5.09
10-yr. T-infl.
3.77
3.76
3.67
10-yr. T-note
5.46
5.41
6.24
30-yr. T-bond
5.69
5.62
6.55
Telephone bd.
7.14
7.09
7.62
Municipal bds.
5.23
5.21
5.54
Sources: Salomon Smith Barney; Bridge
Information Systems Markets; The Bond Buyer
THE MARKETS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>ZOULLAS-Louisa S. Memorial service in memory of Mrs. Louisa S. Zoullas (who passed away March 23, 1998) at the Greek Orthodox Holy Trinity Cathedral, 319 East 74th Street, New York City, immediately following the Holy Mass at 10:45 AM, Sunday, May 3. All friends are invited.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
In "Pssst. Wanna Light?" (Op-Ed, March 24) Richard Klein attacks proposed bans on smoking in schools, fast-food restaurants and workplaces. He compares them to Prohibition and derides their imposition as a "futile and costly experiment in prohibiting perennial vices."
However, the proposed bans do not arise from a sense of "Puritanism" that seeks to halt other people's pleasures, but from a responsibility to protect public health. Unlike the laws of Prohibition, these bans do not try to bar people from buying tobacco products. People can still smoke under the bans, but not in public places, where their secondhand smoke can lethally harm others.
Scientific evidence overwhelmingly indicates that secondhand smoke is a major public health hazard, which kills 53,000 Americans every year. The Environmental Protection Agency classifies secondhand smoke as a Group A carcinogen, and the American Lung Association regards it as a top indoor pollutant.
As an asthmatic, I am constantly trying to avoid secondhand smoke. Laws banning smoking in public spaces are long overdue. In New York City, for instance, the law on indoor air quality is too weak to protect me from secondhand smoke in my workplace, and at the end of each workday I go home with painful wheezing, nausea and a headache.
Our environmental laws won't permit someone to dump toxic sludge on my desk. Smoking in the workplace is equally polluting and should be banned.  SHERRILL COHEN  New York, March 25, 1994<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Heather Lynne Oppelt, the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Michael J. Oppelt of New York, was married yesterday to Austen Townsend Gray III, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Gray Jr. of Locust Valley, N.Y. The Rev. Anthony Schueller performed the ceremony at St. Jean Baptiste Roman Catholic Church in New York.
Mrs. Gray, 29, is the marketing and production coordinator at Alan Flusser Custom, a men's suit designer in New York. She is also a freelance photographer. She graduated from Dickinson College and received a master's degree in photography from the School of Visual Arts. Her father is an owner and the vice president and treasurer of Eastern States Steel, a processor of rolled steel products in Norristown, Pa.
Mr. Gray, 27, is a research analyst in Jersey City on the corporate bond trading desk at FTN Financial. He graduated cum laude from Vanderbilt and is a chartered financial analyst. His father is an architect in Locust Valley.
The bridegroom's maternal great-grandfather Edmund C. Lynch was a founder of the New York brokerage firm of Merrill Lynch.
WEDDINGS/CELEBRATIONS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3*DMR Group
Qtr to Nov 30
1993
1992
Revenue
69,935,000
64,408,000
Net inc
834,000
1,097,000
Share earns
.06
.08
6mo rev
130,937,000
118,547,000
Net inc
1,671,000
1,856,000
Share earns
.12
.14
Results are in Canadian dollars. The company said its equity in the loss of Reservation Quebec-CRTQ Inc. reduced after-tax earnings by $ 380,000 during the quarter.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Mixed Reception for Baker
Secretary of State Baker's Middle East peace mission got a mixed reception in Jordan and Israel. Page 14.
Biggest U.S. Libel Award
Finding against a television station, a Texas jury awarded a former district attorney $58 million. Page 19.
News Summary, Page 2
Obituaries, Page 38
Weather, Page 39
Radio, Late TV, Page 60<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
The surprise election victory for Spain's Socialists on Sunday (front page, March 15) will no doubt worry Tony Blair and President Bush.
Despite Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar's solid economic performance, his highly unpopular involvement of Spain in Iraq may have been the catalyst for change after the terror attacks of March 11.
The Spanish people have sent a clear message to leaders like Tony Blair, Silvio Berlusconi of Italy and George W. Bush: far from eradicating and protecting us from terrorism, their insensitive actions have in many ways brought the likelihood of Islamic terrorist attacks a step closer.
By practically abandoning Middle East peace initiatives and invading Iraq without a clear mandate, they have incurred an elevated level of anger from the Muslim world, which is feeling increasingly isolated.
RUPERT EDEN  Lisbon, March 15, 2004<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Rubber Plants or Shrubs?
Q. I have a rubber plant, an old friend with nine lives, which has new growth starting about halfway up the stem. From the base there is a one-and-a-half foot shoot growing out. Should I cut it off?
A. One of the nice things about the rubber plant, Ficus elastica, is that there are very few ''shoulds'' involved. The only two that really matter are ''water sparingly'' and ''don't overfertilize.''
Outdoors, rubber plants can become 60-foot trees, with multiple trunks that make them look like miniature forests. Indoors, size is limited mostly by the size of the container, the light available and the determination of the owner.
If you remove the new shoot, you will maintain the columnar form you have become used to. If you leave it, and any more that follow, the plant will start bushing out.
To make more branches on the  stem, shoot or both, prune right above any leaf node or above the scar where a leaf used to be. The plant will branch at the cut but may not do so evenly (rubber plants are famous for lopsided extensions). You might have to prune several times over the course of a year or so before you get a balanced plant.
Use a very sharp knife. Wear gloves. Protect the work surface. And have some rooting hormone like Rootone or some wood ashes handy, to help seal the cut. The white sap of the rubber plant doesn't make the best quality tires -- for that you'd want the true rubber tree, Hevea brasiliensis -- but it is still copious, very sticky and hard to remove.
Putting Lupines On View
Q. Last year, we bought a summer house in New Hampshire. There is a beautiful bed of lupines in back of the old barn. I would like to move them around to the front so we can enjoy them from the house. But when I mentioned this to our new neighbor, she said they cannot be transplanted. Is she right?
A. Probably. Lupines quickly form deep taproots, so they can be moved around only when they are very young. Once they are well established, that's it.
If you want a big bed of lupines in front of the barn, your best bet is to start them from seed. Prepare the soil as soon as the ground can be worked, adding sand if it is heavy -- lupines demand good drainage -- and working in a bit of compost or well-composted manure. (The plants out back may well be enjoying the ancient stable sweepings.)
Lupine seeds have very hard coats, which can slow germination, so nick them on the side with a sharp knife or razor blade before planting. Keep the soil moist but not wet until they sprout, then just weed and thin if necessary. If the front of the barn is in full sun but not baking hot, the plants should grow quickly this year and bloom lavishly in the early summer of 2003.
Lupine seeds are sold by Fedco Trees, Box 520-A, Waterville, Me. 04903, (207) 873-7333; and by Pinetree Garden Seeds, Box 300, New Gloucester, Me. 04260, (207) 926-3400. Both catalogs are free.
Address questions to Garden Q.& A., The New York Times, 229 West 43rd Street, New York 10036, or by e-mail to gardening@nytimes .com. Those of general interest will be published. Unpublished questions cannot be answered individually.
Garden Q & A<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A body was discovered inside a car that burned yesterday morning in the parking lot of the World's Fair Marina in Flushing Bay, the police said. The lot is known to be a lover's lane for both gay and straight couples and a rest stop for cab and limousine drivers waiting to pick up passengers at nearby La Guardia Airport, according to people who work in the area. Witnesses who saw the car in flames called 911 just before 6 a.m., fire officials said. Later, witnesses described the car as a white Toyota Celica without a front license plate and said the body inside was burned to a skeleton. The police said yesterday that they were trying to identify the owner of the vehicle and the cause of the fire.
EMILY VASQUEZ (NYT)<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The MetroStars will be without striker Jaime Moreno for up to six weeks after a magnetic resonance imaging test yesterday revealed a herniated disk in his lower back.
Moreno, who was acquired from D.C. United in December along with defender Eddie Pope and midfielder Richie Williams, left Saturday's game in Columbus early in the first half. He was replaced by the rookie Mike Magee, who scored the game's only goal.
Moreno, 29, had the M.R.I. at St. Barnabas Ambulatory Care Center in Livingston, N.J.
He has one goal this season (a penalty kick) and is the fifth-leading scorer in Major League Soccer history, with 69 goals and 52 assists for 190 points.
Jack Bell
GEORGIA AND ISRAEL WIN: Georgia upset Russia, 1-0, and Israel beat Cyprus, 2-0, yesterday in European Championship qualifiers.
Malkhaz Asatiani, making his international debut, scored for host Georgia (1-2-1) in the 11th minute in a Group 10 game at Tblisi. The game was originally to be played Oct. 12, but was suspended after 40 minutes because of a power failure at the stadium. Russia (2-2) refused to replay the game the next day.
The Israel-Cyprus game was moved to Palermo, Sicily, because of security concerns. Walid Badier scored in the 88th minute and Shai Holtzman scored in injury time for Israel (2-1-1). Cyprus is 1-3-1. (AP)
PLUS: SOCCER<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The latest plan for redrawing New York State's Congressional lines is the best reason yet for the State Legislature to go back to work and come up with a reasonable plan of its own. The new proposal risks failure on every important point: it could reduce rather than increase minority representation and hurt the state's influence by eliminating Congressmen with seniority.
The plan was devised by former Federal Judge Frederick Lacey at the request of a Federal court panel, because the Legislature failed to do its job. Population shifts mean that the Congressional delegation has to shrink from 34 to 31. Since the Democratic Assembly and Republican Senate could not agree on which incumbents should go, the courts stepped in.
A Federal court meets next week to consider Judge Lacey's plan; referees appointed by a state court judge are drawing up still another plan. It's likely to take a U.S. Supreme Court decision to determine which plan prevails.
There's no guarantee that legislative action would make any court action unnecessary. But it's possible; 10 years ago a last-minute legislative compromise took precedence over a Federal court proposal. Moreover, redistricting is a political matter that belongs in the hands of elected officials accountable to the public.
Judge Lacey's plan seems acceptable on paper. But several incumbents argue that it could
decrease
minority representation. They say that, in an effort to increase the number of Hispanic Congressmen from one to three, the plan actually weakens the voting strength of Hispanics, making it possible that not even one would be elected. Moreover, in some black and Hispanic areas, the judge's plan seems based on population rather than likely voter turnout, which could reduce the chance of minorities to elect candidates of their choice.
Incumbency protection cannot be a concern of the courts. But minority representation must be a central concern, since the plan has to conform to the Federal Voting Rights Act.
Moreover, is it unreasonable to ask for a redistricting plan that considers seniority and quality of public service? That is not the job of the courts, but it is the responsibility of the Legislature, specifically Assembly Speaker Saul Weprin and the Senate majority leader, Ralph Marino. Mr. Weprin, a Queens Democrat, has suggested a compromise; the reluctant Mr. Marino, a Long Island Republican, seems satisfied to let a court do his work.
Some strong pressure from Gov. Mario Cuomo might prod them. But if Mr. Marino continues to duck and neither Mr. Weprin nor the Governor can move him, then at the least the three-judge Federal panel that meets next week has an obligation to ask Judge Lacey to return to the drawing boards. A redistricting plan that risks making matters worse cannot stand.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>''You don't have to be Scottish to wear a kilt,'' says Steven Villegas, a Seattle clothier who has pioneered a comfortable alternative to trousers in the form of pocketed knee-length garments for men. Utilikilts, in Pioneer Square, offers eight models, which include styles made of cotton, leather, duck cloth and lightweight nylon. There's even a black gabardine kilt with satin stripes, designed to be worn with a tuxedo. They are available in 15 colors.
Mr. Villegas invented the utilitarian fashion in 1999 as something to wear around the house. He wanted an ''unbifurcated garment'' with ''natural air-conditioning'' that would enable him to fill his pockets or hold tools without hindering movement. Since no local tailor would make the kilt for him, Mr. Villegas bought a sewing machine and stitched a prototype himself. Weeks later, he wore it to a club, where a burly bouncer asked to buy one. Utilikilts was born.
Through word-of-mouth and a Web site, Mr. Villegas (below) sold 750 kilts that first year. By Christmas, he had rented an old warehouse in Interbay, a sliver of railroad yards that separates Queen Anne Hill from the smaller rise of Magnolia Hill. A small staff sewed away in the back room. Over the years, the warehouse evolved into a trove of eclecticism, displaying modern art, the front of a red double-decker bus and a 1950 Vincent Black Shadow motorcycle.
The store moved to Pioneer Square in September. Shopping there is highly interactive. Kilt-clad salespeople pepper customers with questions about their fashion tendencies, and everyone receives a fitting. Utilikilts are designed to be worn on the belt line, slung lower than the waistline, and sizes generally run an inch and a half or two larger than jeans.
Utilikilts is on pace to sell 15,000 kilts by the end of the year. Mr. Villegas notes that many of his customers buy one kilt a year. ''They buy it as a novelty, they get comfortable in it, and then they come back for more,'' he said.
The Spartan, a lightweight nylon kilt with an elastic waistband and ''marsupial'' front pouch as on a hooded sweatshirt, sells for $99, while the all-leather version costs $700. The ''Survival,'' worn by ''Survivor'' contestant and convicted tax evader Richard Hatch, is $250. This kilt has six pockets, including two detachable ones. Mr. Villegas says this model can hold up to 20 bottles of beer. Not even cargo pants can claim that.
Utilikilts, 620 First Avenue; (206) 282-4226; www.utilikilts.com.
MATT VILLANO
FORAGING<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>SWERGOLD-Helen. On January 9, 2002. Beloved wife of the late Jacob. Mother of Nathaniel, Leopold and Pearl. Grandmother of Mitchel, Jon, Jason, Natalie, Eric and Pamela. Great grandmother of Jacob Swergold, Ethan Swergold and Henry Jack Binder. Services private.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Long before the long balls soared toward the construction cranes at the new stadium rising behind the outfield fence, the Mets began to beat the Braves yesterday with only a little bit of a hit at sunny old Shea Stadium.
It was a leadoff bunt single in the first inning by Jose Reyes that seemed to discombobulate Chuck James, Atlanta's starting pitcher, in what became a 7-2 Mets victory. James looked surprised by the bunt, a small spark that ignited a big explosion.
When James's hurried throw skipped past first baseman Craig Wilson, Reyes kept going and slid headfirst into second. He moved to third on a fly ball by David Wright and scored on an infield single to deep second base by Carlos Beltran, the first of Beltran's four hits.
''Reyes sets the tone for us,'' Manager Willie Randolph said. ''His energy is infectious. When we score first, we usually win.''
That first-inning scratch run gave the Mets a lead they never squandered.
''After I missed the first pitch, I thought, I'm going to put one down and see what happens,'' Reyes said. ''Make the people on defense nervous and throw the ball quick. If I put it in the right place and I run, I'm going to be safe.''
Reyes later hit a home run, as did the backups Ramon Castro, who started at catcher, and Damion Easley, who played second base. Beltran did not hit one over the fence, but he managed another single, a double and a triple. He has nine hits in his past 14 at-bats and is 15 for his last 28, and he has raised his batting average to .385.
Until now, Beltran has been known as a warm-weather hitter who does better on the road than at home. But with temperatures in the 70s yesterday, he said he felt comfortable.
''When it's cold, you don't sweat,'' Beltran said. ''Today was a great day. You sweat, it's sunny. It's baseball weather right here.''
Beltran's excellent start has been overshadowed by the torrid one for the Yankees' Alex Rodriguez, but Beltran is taking the lack of attention in stride. ''Talk about me, don't talk about me,'' Beltran said. ''They should talk more? I don't care. Talk about what you feel like.''
He smiled as he said those words and added that he was pleased to talk about Reyes, who raised his average to .368 by going 3 for 5. Beltran noted the importance of Reyes's leadoff bunt.
''Reyes is the guy who makes us go,'' Beltran said. ''Every time he gets to first base, we have a chance to score a run. He can turn it into a triple. This is how we've been playing the game.''
There was plenty of credit to go around on a day when the Mets outhit the Braves by only 11-10 but got theirs earlier and at key moments. Castro, subbing for Paul Lo Duca, and Easley, in for Jose Valentin, made Manager Willie Randolph look prescient.
''I love our lineup -- we're long,'' Randolph said before the game, holding out his hands and moving them apart. After the game, he praised his subs by saying, ''My guys prepare themselves and they came through with big knocks.''
Castro, who has three home runs in 16 at-bats this season, is a veteran who accepts his role and relates well to the pitchers. After yesterday's game, Castro's average stood at .353. During an injury-plagued 2006, he batted .238.
''It's all here, mental,'' Castro said, pointing a finger to his head. ''I let my abilities take care of business. I feel better physically. I'm not thinking too much.''
Coming into the game, the Mets' team batting average, .298, was the best in the major leagues. They raised it to .299.
''We can score by stealing bases,'' said Easley, reflecting on bunt singles and home runs and everything in between. ''We don't always need the big fly. This is probably the most-balanced lineup I've ever played in.''
BASEBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Contrary to stereotype, a new video game will encourage players to go outside and play in the sunshine. In fact, natural light is a potent weapon in the game against tiny vampires and other digital bad guys.
Boktai: The Sun Is in Your Hand, will work with both the Game Boy Advance and the Game Boy Advance SP. The cartridge, which plugs into the device, incorporates a solar sensor; the sunlight it absorbs can help a player win the game.
Boktai revolves around the exploits of Django, a vampire hunter who uses light to destroy the hungry undead. The amount of sunlight he is able to collect determines the extent to which he is able to carry out his mission.
The game was developed by Hideo Kojima, the creator of Metal Gear Solid. It is scheduled for release this fall and is expected to cost $30. Geoff Mulligan, a Konami executive, called its design ''a watershed moment.'' No other video game is known to use natural light in such a way.
Michel Marriott
NEWS WATCH: VIDEO GAMES<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Re ''We're Not Responsible,'' by Paul Krugman (column, Oct. 18): Walter F. Mondale, in his run against Ronald Reagan in 1984, tried to convey the concept of fiscal responsibility to the American people. He lost every state except one. The fact is that any politician, from Mr. Mondale to President George Bush, who advocates raising taxes on anyone for any reason stands a good chance of being defeated.
MARVIN BOGRAD  Florham Park, N.J., Oct. 18, 2000<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The newest threat to the world is perfume. To be specific, three exotic fragrances: DNA, which does not contain DNA; Pheromone, which does not contain pheromones, and Realm, which does contain pheromones. The names mark yet another example of the disrespect for language, logic and meaning commonly shown by the cosmetology-fashion marketing complex. Worse, these scents mark the emergence of bio-chic.
One might have thought that everyone was aware of DNA, molecular biology, gene-splicing. Not so. Brett Neubig of Bijan Fragrances, the maker of DNA, the perfume, is delighted that DNA, the stuff of life, is a buzzword now. Six years ago, he says, when the fragrance was being developed, "No one had really heard of DNA."
Pheromone, from Marilyn Miglin, at $400 an ounce, has actually been around for a few years (DNA and Realm are new this year). Perhaps its age explains why it has nothing to do with the chemical messengers (pheromones) that send male moths miles chasing females. Marilyn just liked the name. Realm, on the other hand, does contain synthetic human pheromones. Unfortunately, human pheromones are not known to affect sexual attraction. Realm's function is to make the user feel better, not attract human males or females. It may, however, attract moths.
These fragrances will not, in themselves, wreak societal havoc. But the rise of bio-chic suggests that fashion has discovered genetic engineering. Are we sure we want the people who marketed Poison and Opium, dog collars for women, fake fingernails and big hair to get involved in the gene business? Forget genetically engineered supermen. Forget biological weapons. What about gene-spliced supermodels -- frosted purple spokespeople with perfume implants and electric neon lips? Think what will happen when Hair Club for Men swallows Genentech in a hostile takeover. You won't need to buy a snow leopard coat, you'll be able to grow your own.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>IT is all about relativity in the National Football League, a week-to-week proposition, the ongoing search for someone in a more vulnerable position than yourself. All things considered yesterday, Danny Kanell could have been Ryan Leaf.
He could have been faced with the burden of grand, second-pick-of-the-draft expectations, along with a persistent pass rush in front of opportunistic defensive backs. He could have set himself up for ridicule the previous week by publicly conducting himself like a jerk. He could have thrown four interceptions and wound up being benched for someone named Craig Whelihan, a development that drew a convulsive roar from the home-team crowd.
Kanell, conversely, had one of those games when he plays well enough, shows just enough, to make people believe the Giants can dream on with him as the starter. Relative to Leaf, Kanell was the epitome of poise and experience as the Giants defeated the San Diego Chargers, 34-16, at Qualcomm Stadium by utilizing their, in Kanell's words, ''formula for success.'' Just six days after doomsday at home versus Dallas, a turnover-inducing defense plus 313 yards of adequate, balanced offense equaled a 2-2 record and a share of first place in the extremely forgiving N.F.C. East.
As we said, this is week-to-week, particularly in the case of a Giants offense that features Kanell. It is going to be a while, if ever, before he isn't considered as good as his last series of downs.
What we can definitively say about Kanell is that he has thrown no obscenity-laced tirades with inquisitive reporters, or footballs at their heads, which Leaf was known for in college. This is what passed for football talk here, following two rookie run-ins last week by Leaf with local sports journalists, the first of which produced apologies by Leaf and the Chargers. Somehow, after three professional games, Leaf had managed to estrange himself from a typically docile audience that had welcomed him to town as the quarterback who would be king.
''The expectations are almost impossible for him to live up to,'' said Kanell, one young quarterback empathizing with another. ''I know everything he's going through.''
Actually, Leaf's double-edged sword is one Kanell has not had to juggle, under Jim Fassel's protective cocoon. No one, least of all his coach, has demanded eminence from this 1996 fourth-round draft pick who last season made everyone happy by simply relieving Dave Brown, the Giants' own failed quarterback savior. ''Manage the game,'' became Fassel's mantra regarding Kanell, one he has, at times, carried a bit too far.
The Giants, who had said they were determined to come in here and establish a running game for the first time this season, more or less abandoned that line after their opening three-and-out series. Next time out, Kanell threw the ball, incomplete, on first down, but proceeded to drive the Giants 70 yards for a touchdown. Of particular note, he completed three third-down passes for first downs, two of them for a combined 36 yards to the slippery Ike Hilliard.
By the middle of the second quarter, Kanell had hit Chris Calloway for a 25-yard touchdown and driven the Giants 61 yards for another touchdown and a 21-0 lead. Leaf, meanwhile, had thrown interceptions on three straight possessions, the last two setting up the Giants' second and third touchdowns. One came in the teeth of a ferocious rush. Another ball was tipped at the line of scrimmage. The Chargers, two season-opening victories notwithstanding, are not very good. But then, cocky young quarterbacks with big-money contracts are supposed to work magic.
Instead, Leaf permanently took his team out of the game, telegraphing a third-quarter pass across the middle that the Giants' free safety, Percy Ellsworth, picked off and returned 20 yards for a touchdown.
That was enough for the Chargers' head coach, Kevin Gilbride, who summoned Whelihan from the bullpen. The fans cheered, louder when Whelihan threw a touchdown on his first series. Later, they booed a commercial with Leaf on the large viewer screen. Then they booed Leaf's public service announcement during the fourth quarter, by which time he was on the sideline being consoled by an offensive guard named Aaron Taylor.
''Ryan's learned a lot this last week,'' Taylor said. ''I think he's ready to accept responsibility and go forward.''
He was, at least, ready to seek a more humble place than he did last week, when he completed one pass for 4 yards against Kansas City, and didn't want to hear about it.
''It kind of feels like somebody rips your heart out of your chest,'' he said. ''I wanted to succeed so much and then I went out and lost the game.''
He was sad-eyed, contrite. ''You've got to look at yourself and kind of wonder if you're good enough to play at this level,'' he said.
Leaf is a strapping kid, 6 feet 5 inches, who did throw some very good balls. Peyton Manning has not exactly torn up the league either. It is very early and maybe this embarrassment was a good, hard lesson that will lead Leaf to a better place. Kanell was much better yesterday, but don't make the Giants answer the question of whether they would trade Kanell for Leaf, attitude and all. They know nice guys don't necessarily finish first in the end.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>David Graham  Laurence Miller Gallery 138 Spring Street Through Oct. 5
David Graham is a collector of bad taste, and judging by the color photographs in this funny show, there's a lot of it around. There's the house in Providence with giant crayons pasted to the side, and paint scribbled across it as if in a coloring book. In Yuma, Ariz., a grinning Shriner in a bright green jacket and red fez drives a miniature red Ford Mustang past a real-life model of the car in the background. Mr. Graham loves incongruities of scale of this sort, as do the people who carry them out in the first place. A giant milk bottle in Raynham, Mass., houses a restaurant, as does a mammoth hamburger in Los Angeles. In Seattle, a gas station is shaded by a cowboy hat that's at least a 10,000-gallon model; cowboy boots alongside serve as restrooms.
Some of these sites are familiar, although still delightful; Claude Bell's dinosaurs in Cabazon, Calif. -- made of materials left over from the construction of Interstate 10 -- are classic examples of absurd roadside architecture. Mr. Graham juxtaposes the concrete beasts with the snoutlike cabs of two semitrailers parked nearby, suggesting an evolutionary connection between the two types of mammoth. For the most part, he's careful not to overplay his hand, and allows the absurdity of the objects to shine forth unhindered by stylistic niceties.
As with folk art, buildings of this sort, in which commercial signs and architectural function are combined, offer a tantalizing window onto the workings of vernacular taste. Mr. Graham's pictures point to deeper urges on the part of their makers: a proto-Surrealist fascination with massive disparities in scale, a delight in injecting absurdity and exuberant bad taste into what is ordinarily a sober field, and a canny awareness of the need for the eye-catching curiosity to attract passing motorists.
The humor of the best images here is unintentional, and articulates the tension between form and function in design. In one, a row of utility sheds is lined up on the edge of a curb. The sheds are exactly the same except for their decor -- they are offered in red, yellow and blue, with white or wood trim. Behind these quaint structures looms a majestic row of grain silos, spare modernist tubes painted a shimmering silver, presumably to reflect heat. Style, this pairing suggests, is more than a question of decor.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A front-page article on Wednesday about the election of Cory Booker as mayor of Newark gave erroneous results in some copies for the Municipal Council races. (The error also appeared in a related article in some copies about the Council races.) Two of Mr. Booker's handpicked candidates, not three, won outright. (A third, Ronald C. Rice, will face Mamie Bridgeforth in a runoff on June 13.)<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>GOODWIN--Michael. Died on March 10. Husband of Deborah. Father of Peggy and Jean. Father-in-law of Raymond. Grandfather of Rebecca, Benjamin, Leah and Ruth.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3*Health & Rehabilitation Properties Trust (NYSE)
Qtr to Dec 31
1990
1989
Net inc
3,934,000
2,226,000
Share earns
.24
.19
Shares outst
16,356,000
11,693,000
Yr net inc
14,380,000
7,900,000
Share earns
1.22
1.20
Shares outst
16,088,000
10,425,000<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The Devils and the Flyers concluded their season series this afternoon in typical fashion. Fights, fights and more fights with a little hockey in between. The Devils skated away with a 3-2 victory thanks to a goal by John Madden with 46.6 seconds left.
Madden scored when his shot from a sharp angle bounced into the goal off the left skate of Flyers goaltender Roman Cechmanek. It was the 20th goal of the season for Madden, who is better known as a defensive specialist.
''Randy yelled at me to throw it at the net,'' Madden said of Randy McKay, who made the key pass and distracted Cechmanek by driving to the net. ''We got some lucky bounces.''
The victory, in a physical game marked by 21 penalties and five fights, was the seventh in a row for the Devils (36-17-12-3). It put them 3 points ahead of the Flyers (36-21-10-2) in the Atlantic Division and closer to the Ottawa Senators (39-18-8-3) for first place in the Eastern Conference. The Devils were 2-1-2-0 against Philadelphia this season.
''We won't see each other for the rest of the year, unless it's in the playoffs,'' Devils Coach Larry Robinson said of the Flyers. ''These teams are also so close together. This was a 4-point game.'' He apparently anticipated a rough game because he chose a physical lineup for this afternoon at the First Union Center.
To counter Philadelphia's size and strength, Robinson used Jim McKenzie in place of Bob Corkum. McKenzie took on Luke Richardson just five minutes after the opening face-off, setting the tone for the game. McKenzie also fought with Chris McAllister twice in the third period.
''I've had two before lots of times, but I don't remember the last time I had three,'' McKenzie said about the number of fights in one game.
The Devils' Turner Stevenson and the Flyers' P. J. Stock fought midway through the second period, about when the Flyers were struggling. The Devils captain Scott Stevens and the Flyers' Rick Tocchet fought early in the third, moments after Devils goaltender Martin Brodeur hit Tocchet in the face with his stick. Neither the two referees nor the two linesmen saw the play.
Mark Recchi opened the scoring at 4 minutes 40 seconds of the first period with a power-play goal. Brodeur, who finished with 24 saves, got a piece of Recchi's shot from the slot, but the puck trickled in behind him.
The Flyers took only 10 shots in the first 30 minutes. Their game went from bad to worse in the second period and the Devils took advantage, scoring twice.
Defenseman Brian Rafalski tied the score at 9:05 of the second period.
Bobby Holik gave the Devils a one-goal lead at 10:25 of the second period with his 12th goal of the season.
''I think the guys are bummed a little bit by the loss, but it's not devastation,'' Tocchet said. ''The second period is a period we all wish we could take back. We ran around a bit and they kind of dominated. Then we came back in the third. It's a lesson for us.''
The Flyers' Andy Delmore tied the score midway through the third period with a power-play goal, setting up the dramatic finish.
''This was an all-time Flyers-Devils game,'' the Devils' Patrik Elias said. ''It's getting closer to the playoffs and both teams wanted to show they're ready.''
Philadelphia Coach Bill Barber was not discouraged by the loss.
''I think a good message was sent today with how we competed,'' Barber said. ''They do have a great hockey team. They came at us hard and we were down by one but we found a way to tie the game. We made a giant step today.''
SLAP SHOTS
ROMAN CECHMANEK has started every home game (19) since BILL BARBER was named coach of the Flyers. The rookie goalie is 14-3-2 during the stretch. . . . The Devils played the first of a five-game road trip. . . . MARTIN BRODEUR has played 62 games, more than any other N.H.L. goalie. . . . KEITH PRIMEAU's assist on MARK RECCHI's goal gave him 52 points in 38 games under Barber.
HOCKEY<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>DAVIS--Leonard, on February 10th, 2007. Beloved husband of the late Frieda. Loving father of Harvey. Distinguished violist, soloist, chamber musician, recording artist, teacher, and author. He is survived by his niece Linda Finkelstein of Monroe, NJ and his nephew Seymour Adlerstein of Bloomfield, CT. Services were private.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>As black workers cut sugar cane in the 1940's, a narrator notes that these happy laborers are following the "hereditary urge to go back to the plantation." That archival clip, included in Stephanie Black's "H-2 Worker," suggests how little the plantation mentality has changed in nearly 50 years, though today the sugar-cane growers rely on Jamaicans imported to Florida for six months every year.
Ms. Black's documentary follows the men who arrive on H-2 visas, temporary permits that allow foreigners to take jobs for which employers cannot find Americans. According to the film, each year 10,000 Jamaicans respond to the promise of more money than they can make at home, and become virtual prisoners, crowded into dormitories that resemble Army barracks, paid at most $5 an hour -- minus transportation and housing fees -- for grueling field work.
Although Ms. Black's sympathy with the laborers is manifest, "H-2 Worker" is that rare hybrid that succeeds as both film and advocacy. The documentary's look and form is smooth and sophisticated, combining reggae music, voice-overs of letters between the Jamaicans and their families at home, interviews with the workers and with a sugar industry representative, and archival material that sets the current situation in historical context. Ms. Black is not artistically innovative, but she has mastered some fundamental rules of effective documentary film making. She assumes a calm, objective tone, allowing the visual images and interviews to speak for themselves. She lures viewers to her point of view rather than bludgeoning them.
Maryse Alberti's cinematography is a major element of the film's convincing realism. Ms. Alberti creates rich images of the men in the fields, bending to cut cane that stands taller than they do; even a glimpse suggests the strain on one's back. The dormitory, with laundry strung between the bunks, looks stark and demoralizing, but not exaggeratedly gruesome. Most important, the film never looks picturesque or condescending.
The workers are quietly angry, dignified and often resigned as they describe their thwarted expectations. One man has been returning to Florida for 14 years, suggesting the dilemma facing poor people with limited opportunities. When the workers stage a stoppage to complain about low wages, the police are brought in to remove them from the camp; within a week, 300 replacement workers are flown in from Jamaica.
"H-2 Worker" does not pretend to offer any answers, but it solidly frames issues about the economy, employment and the treatment of workers who seem just steps away from slavery.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The Asia Society yesterday started Ask Asia, its first-ever Internet site, to offer American students and educators easier access to information about the Asia-Pacific region.
The site (http://www.askasia.org) will feature programs like a Japanese onomatopoeia game, a student art showcase and an electronic-mail pen pal program for students, said Namji Steinemann, Asia Society's director of education.
In addition, the site will allow students to take part -- in an interactive way -- in the Vietnam Challenge, a 16-day goodwill bicycling event in January 1998 from Hanoi to Ho Chi Minh City.
The project has an annual budget of $100,000.
Maya Quest (http://www.mecc.com/mayaquest.html) takes students on a virtual tour of Central America.
And GlobaLearn CQ (http:// www.globalearn.org), a nonprofit group in New Haven, is now immersed in a trip across Asia, offering 90,000 students in all 50 states and 40 countries an interactive chance to follow the trip, said Melanie Crowley, executive vice president.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Who knows what Terrell Owens will ultimately mean to the championship-starved Philadelphia Eagles. Cure or cancer. Candid superstar or insensitive lout. Engaging showman or selfish showboater. But even before his first official catch at wide receiver, Owens resembles a complicated mirror that casts many reflections.
In three hours at training camp Tuesday, he hustled vigorously through practice, eagerly signed autographs for visiting military personnel and tried to explain incendiary remarks that appeared in a magazine regarding the sexual orientation of a former teammate in San Francisco, words that seemed to compare gays to rodents.
As he was with the San Francisco 49ers, Owens remains a polarizing figure. Many Eagles fans praised his athletic skills Tuesday; some thought he crossed a line with his remarks. Officials with gay organizations took offense. His coach sidestepped the issue. An Eagles spokesman said he had counseled Owens to speak his mind, but not in a way that would bring embarrassing headlines.
Owens is no more easily categorized as a person than defended as a receiver, said Mike Quick, a former All-Pro receiver with the Eagles. ''He's going to say some things that rub people the wrong way and get under people's skin,'' Quick, a radio broadcaster with the team, said in a telephone interview. ''That's part of the package. Just like when the Sixers got Charles Barkley, they knew they were getting certain things. But he's a great player at the same time. That's T.O.
''Andy Reid and Jeffrey Lurie knew that going in,'' Quick said, referring to the Eagles' coach and owner.
On Tuesday, team officials opened The Philadelphia Inquirer to a headline that said: ''Owens Dances Around Questions About Sex.'' The headline referred to a question-and-answer article in the September issue of Playboy magazine. The interviewer stated that Jeff Garcia, the former San Francisco quarterback with whom Owens had a contentious relationship, has ''denied media rumors he's gay.'' Owens was then asked, ''What do you think?''
Owens replied: ''Like my boy tells me: 'If it looks like a rat and smells like a rat, by golly, it is a rat.'''
Speaking with reporters after Tuesday morning's practice, Owens repeated those words, but he said that the interview was only a ''loose conversation'' and that ''everybody is going to make a big deal out of it, but it wasn't like I came out and said Jeff was gay.'' He said that Garcia had a girlfriend when the two played together in San Francisco.
Garcia, who now plays with the Cleveland Browns, said he would not respond to ''ridiculous, untrue allegations.'' Rita Addessa, executive director of the Pennsylvania Lesbian and Gay Task Force, called on Owens to make a public apology.
''The equating of gay men to vermin is appalling,'' Addessa said from Philadelphia. ''We need to encourage the Eagles and Owens to make a public apology and for the Eagles to publicly discipline Owens. These comments that equate gay men to some inferior life form do real harm, creating a cultural environment which justifies violence against gay and lesbian people.''
Asked if he was aware of Owens's inflammatory remarks, Reid said, ''I don't read Playboy.'' Would he caution Owens to be more careful? Reid said that was the job of the team spokesman.
Derek Boyko, the Eagles publicist, said that he had spoken often with Owens since he was traded to Philadelphia in March, but that the team had been unaware until Monday night of the interview. What advice had he been giving Owens? ''You have to be yourself, but be yourself in a way where you're not in a position of criticizing teammates, where you're not causing headlines all the time,'' Boyko said. ''His personality sometimes does that.''
Owens is a good listener, Boyko said. The Eagles are thrilled to have his big-play talent. Perhaps Owens and the pass rusher Jevon Kearse can push the team over the final hump and into the Super Bowl, after three straight losses in the National Football Conference championship game. No city wants it more, needs it more.
No municipality has gone as long -- 21 years -- without a championship in the four major team sports. Twenty-five thousand people showed up at practice last Friday. Owens waves and nods and signs for the fans, and they ache for him to be the missing piece of a cathartic puzzle.
''If you score TD's, no one cares,'' Mike Clothier, a fan from Williamstown, N.J., said of what some consider Owens's excesses, in his comments, in his Sharpie-inspired theatrical celebrations. ''He's never been in trouble off the field. He's got good character, work ethic.''
Reid so values control and discipline that he might have seemed the last coach to want Owens. But Philadelphia has frequently embraced the eccentric, the flawed, the troubled, so long as peculiarity was matched by industry. So what if Dick Vermeil cried, Buddy Ryan bullied and Randall Cunningham built spare bedrooms named for running back Eric Dickerson and the singer Whitney Houston. The city came to love these characters, and they are ready to love Owens, too.
''He goes 110 percent every snap,'' Reid said. ''Our receivers have done that over the years here. But it's great for them to see a guy that is considered a superstar in the National Football League work that hard.''
The coach does not seem to want to severely muzzle his loose cannon. So far, Owens has felt free to speak his mind, saying earlier in training camp that he preferred less hitting so his body could be spared for the regular season. Owens told Playboy that if another N.F.L. player admitted he was gay, he would keep his distance, but ''if it was a guy who was helping us win ballgames, hey, I'd have no problem with it.''
He was also critical of the lack of individuality and personality in the league, saying players were ''almost like slaves, like robots.'' He stood by those remarks Tuesday.
''My grandmother raised me to be honest,'' Owens said. ''She told me not to lie. There's no such thing as borderline lying. I'm not a politician. I'm not going to play to the media. My thing is, it's honesty first. If people don't like it they don't like it. I'm still going to be myself, regardless.''
PRO FOOTBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A series of deadly attacks by the Shining Path guerrilla movement in the last month have demonstrated that it is still a potent threat to security more than two years after its top leaders were captured.
The violence has occurred not only in villages but also in the capital as the Government prepares for elections next month.
"The Shining Path will never be what it used to be, but it certainly is not dead yet, and these latest actions prove it," said Enrique Obando, a senior researcher at the Peruvian Center for International Relations and an expert on the rebel group.
The attacks began late in February shortly after the Peruvian Army pulled troops out of the Huallaga Valley, a mountainous jungle area 300 miles northeast of Lima that has long been a stronghold of the insurgents. These troops, experienced in jungle warfare, were sent to fight Ecuadorean forces in a disputed border region in the Amazon.
Western and Peruvian intelligence officials, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said the guerrillas were regrouping and planning new attacks that could undermine the presidential and congressional elections that are scheduled for April 9.
"We are accustomed to the Shining Path launching new attacks around election time to discourage people from voting, and this year will probably be no different," a Peruvian intelligence official said. "But the latest attacks in the highlands show that without the military, the terrorists would quickly return."
President Alberto K. Fujimori,who seized broad authority in April 1992, saying Congress was hindering the fight against terrorism, has waged an aggressive and successful war against the Shining Path. Since the military captured the group's founder, Abimael Guzman Reynoso, and other top leaders in September 1992, Peru has enjoyed relative calm. Thousands of guerrillas were jailed or turned themselves in under a Government amnesty program.
While the latest attacks do not compare with the violence of two or three years ago, when dozens of people were killed each week in bombings and street fighting, they seem to have surprised the military and upset the assumption that the Shining Path had been pretty much subdued. The military declined to discuss the latest attacks.
Over the last month, about 20 people were killed in the Huallaga Valley and bombs were detonated throughout Lima, including one across the street from the United States Embassy, but no casualties were reported in the capital.
Shining Path guerrillas attacked villages and settlements in the administrative district of Huanuco, where they had been forced to retreat in face of a heavy military presence. According to local news reports, the insurgents killed 20 people, including former Shining Path members who had repented taking part in the movement, and leaders of civilian patrols who were cooperating with the military.
In one settlement, the Shining Path opened fire with automatic weapons, killing seven people, according to the news reports, which were confirmed by Western diplomats. In another settlement, guerrillas killed several people with machetes. The foreign press has been denied access to these areas, which are under a state of emergency.
Channel 5, a local television station here, has broadcast reports from towns in Huanuco where buildings were covered with the Shining Path's symbol, a red hammer and sickle, and residents said elected officials had fled the area. Angelica Pozo, a teacher, said in the television program that she was afraid and begged for the army's return, which is imminent now that the border dispute with Ecuador appears over.
In Lima on Feb. 28, guerrillas detonated a bomb containing about a pound of dynamite across the street from the United States Embassy, which was heavily fortified and guarded by soldiers and tanks and which the Shining Path badly damaged in July 1993 with a huge car bomb. Small bombs were also set off in front of the Argentine and Chilean embassies, police stations, and electric power stations in Lima.
Experts on terrorism say efforts to re-establish the Shining Path are being led by Oscar Ramirez Duran, who was a top aide to Mr. Guzman.
While the Shining Path faction led by Mr. Ramirez is said to still respect Mr. Guzman as an ideologue, it has ignored calls from imprisoned Shining Path leaders to lay down its arms and forge a peace accord with the Government. Mr. Ramirez is believed to be holed up in the highlands along the Huallaga River.
If Shining Path is to survive, experts say, it must consolidate the power of a new central committee by forming a party congress and replenish its membership through a vigorous recruitment drive.
As a Maoist organization bent on overthrowing the Government, the Shining Path had been divided into cells, each with a specific function and its identity known only to the central committee, which coordinated all activities. But since Mr. Guzman's capture some of the factions have operated without central coordination, leaving them vulnerable to infiltration by the military.
Intelligence sources here say that at the height of the Shining Path movement five years ago, there were 6,000 to 8,000 active members and about 25,000 sympathizers, people who occasionally attended meetings, donated money and resources, or provided other forms of help. Today, these sources say, there are about 2,000 active members and 5,000 to 10,000 sympathizers.
The Peruvian Interior Ministry said that about 5,000 Shining Path members had turned themselves in under the amnesty program, agreeing to distance themselves from the movement and to disclose the names of people involved.
The authorities here said they were most worried about the sympathizers, many of whom turned themselves in but could easily be reclaimed in an aggressive recruitment effort by the Shining Path. While many of the social conditions that led people to join Shining Path remain -- rampant poverty and racial and class discrimination -- experts on the guerrilla movement say recruitment will be difficult this time around because the credibility of the group has been compromised by its violent acts.
More than 30,000 people are estimated to have died in the Government's war with the Shining Path since 1980.
"The Path is not a group that gives up easily," said a Western intelligence officer who closely follows the terrorist group. "If it focuses its attention on rebuilding its core membership over the long term, I think the Shining Path could revive itself and thrive once again."<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>With 20 games to play in the regular season, the Boston Bruins are clinging to the eighth and last playoff spot in the Eastern Conference. Their grip hardened a bit tonight -- at the expense of the Devils and to the chagrin of the Rangers -- when Boston made three first-period goals stand up in a 4-1 victory over the Devils at Continental Arena.
The victory widened the gap to 4 points between the eighth-place Bruins and the ninth-place Rangers, who play each other on Sunday. It also might have widened the animosity between Devils and Rangers fans, for the notion arose during the first intermission tonight that the Devils, down by 3-0, were sitting this one out because they wanted to avoid facing the Rangers in the playoffs.
Having been eliminated by the Rangers in their last two playoff meetings, the Devils probably would rather see them left out of the playoffs this spring. But that would be a sorry excuse for the Devils' sorry effort tonight. The fact is they have had trouble dominating anybody at home this season. The Devils, the second-best team in the conference, are only 14-13-6 at home.
The loss was the first in the last five games (3-1-1) for the Devils, who got their goal from Jason Arnott with 2 minutes 8 seconds left. They still lead the Atlantic Division, but are 2 points behind the Ottawa Senators in the conference race for the home-ice advantage in the playoffs, and the Senators have two games in hand on the Devils.
''There's a lot at stake here,'' Devils defenseman Ken Daneyko said. ''We're battling for every point, and for some reason we came out flat. It happened, and we cannot explain why.''
The Devils started the game so lethargically that they allowed a goal on the first shot by the Bruins (27-25-10). They also allowed two goals 52 seconds apart late in the first period. The third goal came on Boston's fifth shot of the game, the kind of statistic Martin Brodeur rarely registers when manning the Devils' net.
Kyle McClaren was the first to find the net with a shot through a crowd 2:39 after the opening face-off. It was McClaren's sixth goal of the season, a career high.
Boston's second goal also came through a crowd. This time the puck went over Brodeur's glove on a shot by Grant Ledyard at 15:12. It was Ledyard's third of the season, and like McClaren's goal, it was a shot Brodeur did not see until it was too late.
''They came out pretty good,'' said Brodeur, who faced 20 shots and made 17 saves, ''and I guess we weren't really ready. Sometimes, stuff like that you can't explain.''
Sergei Samsonov gave the Bruins a 3-0 lead with his 21st goal of the season just 52 seconds later when he converted Joe Thornton's pass.
Coach Robbie Ftorek of the Devils, who said he was unhappy with the way his team played, said he was not concerned that the team was barely above .500 at home because the Devils were going to play their next five games on the road. The Devils have the National Hockey League's best road record, 20-8-2.
HOCKEY<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Steve Francis will be out two more weeks as he recovers from tendinitis in his right knee, the Knicks announced Friday. Francis, a starting guard, has been resting the knee since Dec. 7.
Francis visited a knee specialist, Dr. Ben Shaffer, in Washington on Thursday. Shaffer evaluated two magnetic resonance imaging tests -- one taken in early October and one taken Thursday -- and concluded that the knee was improving.
Francis will wear a temporary brace and continue a rehabilitation program designed to strengthen the area. Francis will probably be cleared to play when he is examined again in two weeks, right before the Knicks leave for a five-game trip to the West.
If Francis returns then, he will have missed 10 consecutive games, and 13 of 31 this season.
Jamal Crawford has replaced Francis in the lineup.
PRO BASKETBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Opens today in Manhattan  Directed by Richard Schenkman  Not rated; 99 minutes
There is an in-joke smothered under the wooden dialogue of ''And Then Came Love,'' an inept romantic comedy that for reasons known only to God drew Vanessa Williams, Eartha Kitt, Ben Vereen and Stephen Spinella into its swamp of cliches. Ms. Kitt's character, Mona, is a scowling termagant as fearsomely strait-laced as Lady Bracknell in ''The Importance of Being Earnest'' -- a play that figures prominently (and ludicrously) in the story. It's a hoot to watch Ms. Kitt, pop music's original vamp, look down her nose and pester her daughter, Julie (Ms. Williams), a single mother and successful magazine reporter, to marry and be respectable.
Julie's son, Jake (Jeremy Gumbs), is an irritating 6-year-old fathered by a sperm donor. When the boy starts acting up in school, Julie worries that the daddy's genes might not be all they were cracked up to be (he was advertised as Ivy League educated) and hires a private detective to find him; then she tracks him down in New Jersey. The donor, Paul Cooper (Kevin Daniels), turns out to be a hunky but unemployed actor in rebellion against his father, a snobbish corporate lawyer (Mr. Vereen).
Although Julie conceals the purpose of her visit, Paul likes her enough to look her up in Manhattan, where he and his son meet cute and bond. You know the rest. But first Julie must divest herself of Ted (Michael Boatman), a successful photojournalist proffering emeralds, who is desperate to marry her. Worse, she must venture from Manhattan to Weehawken, N.J., to see Paul perform in what may be the crummiest production of ''The Importance of Being Earnest'' ever mounted. Julie's best friend, Stuart (Mr. Spinella), a sour drama critic, would disagree. His verdict: ''Very fine work.''
STEPHEN HOLDEN<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>An obituary yesterday about Clay Lancaster, an architectural historian whose 1961 book documented the houses of Brooklyn Heights, misstated the position of Kent Barwick, who spoke about Mr. Lancaster's influence on the historic preservation movement. Mr. Barwick, the president of the Municipal Art Society, is a former chairman of the city's Landmarks Preservation Commission; the current chairwoman is Jennifer Raab.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>GORE-Chester. 8/14/184/19/97. On your birthday and every day you are in our thoughts and lives. We hear your voice and miss you. Love Eloise, Gerie & Alle<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Laura McNichol has been on the job at Trump Castle for only four months, but she, like others in the heavily leveraged Trump empire, is concerned that her boss, the onetime billionaire Donald J. Trump, may soon need some charity.
Laura McNichol has been on the job at Trump Castle for only four months, but she, like others in the heavily leveraged Trump empire, is concerned that her boss, the onetime billionaire Donald J. Trump, may soon need some charity.
''The employees here are all talking about his troubles,'' she said. ''And some of them said, if he was really in trouble, they'd sacrifice a day's pay to help him.'' Is she one of them? ''I would do it,'' said Mrs. McNichol, who is ''over 50'' and manages the game room off the casino floor where teen-agers can play non-wagering games like video poker.
''Why not?'' Mrs. McNichol said of offering to forgo a day's pay. ''If Donald doesn't make it, I don't have a job.''
Ubiquitous Property Holder
The concern runs deep. Trump Castle is one of three casino hotels Mr. Trump owns in Atlantic City. With the Trump Plaza and the new Taj Mahal, he has nearly a third of this seedy resort town's $6 billion gaming industry.
He also owns a fourth hotel, the Trump Regency - three casinos is the legal limit for one owner - and thus has about 40 percent of the city's hotel rooms. He also controls a large portion of the convention space and parking and employs about 15,000 people.
But it is an empire in financial trouble, though just how serious will not be known until Tuesday, when Mr. Trump's grace period on $42 million in junk bond payments expires and they again come due.
Thus the ripples in the financial community look like tidal waves from the boardwalk here. Some people, like Mrs. McNichol, are rooting for Donald, as he is almost always called here, though sometimes stronger names are used.
''We're really pulling for him,'' Mrs. McNichol said.
Local Contractors Hurting
For others, like contractors or suppliers forced to settle accounts at fire-sale discounts, the quality of mercy, and certainly charity, is more strained.
''He is really putting the screws to people,'' said a city official with close ties to the business community. ''He's telling contractors to take it or leave it, or go to court and wait. He'll only pay if he has to.
''New York is big and can absorb that kind of thing,'' he continued. ''Atlantic City is a small community and here it really hurts.''
People in the legal and business communities here who are familiar with the Trump negotiations say there have been a number of disputed claims for construction work on Mr. Trump's flagship Taj Mahal, which opened its doors to enormous fanfare last month.
Offers to Settle
These people say that Mr. Trump had some $35 million in unpaid construction debts on the casino when it opened to money-green laser beams firing down off its rooftop minarets.
One account has it that Mr. Trump has settled some debts and is offering to settle others, including the cost of the specially cast minarets themselves. But people close to the negotiations say that in some cases he is offering 25 cents on the dollar in cash now, with the rest in unsecured notes payable in a year. In others, they say, he is offering to settle debts outright with no further obligation, at 70 cents on the dollar.
Patrick McGahn, a lawyer representing Mr. Trump, confirmed that settlement talks were under way but would not discuss details.
As the talks go on, the Trump casinos maintain an air of business-as-usual, but underlying it is an uneasy expectancy.
''We were reading the stuff and it kind of worried us,'' said Gary Rauch, 34, a Chicago school administrator who was on a flying day trip with 11 other men at the Castle. ''We were in a hurry to get here before anything happened.''
''We had this trip booked about two months,'' said Tom Eddy, 39, another educator on the excursion. ''We thought, Will this affect anything? But obviously there is enough there to pay off if you win anything.''
Prediction of Survival
A consultant to Mr. Trump, Al Glasgow, the proprietor of Atlantic City Action, which monitors casino affairs, conceded that there are ''cash flow problems, even serious ones,'' in the Trump empire. But he predicted that Mr. Trump would survive without bankruptcy protection, which the lending banks, he said, will work to avoid.
''Bankruptcies help lawyers, not lenders,'' Mr. Glasgow said.
In the end, he observed, it will be the fortunes of the Trump casinos that will make or break Mr. Trump in this crisis, the luck of the draw and the fall of the dice.
Standing at the MAC money machine at an entrance to the Castle's casino floor, Malcolm Francey, a towering factory worker from Point Pleasant, extracted a wad of bills from the machine and counted them.
''This place has always been lucky for me,'' he said. And tonight? ''I should have stayed with roulette,'' he said. ''I'm down about three hundred at blackjack.'' And so?
He glanced at the tattoo on his muscled left arm, a picture of a shadowy figure holding something in front of him. ''It's the Grim Reaper with a crystal ball,'' Mr. Francey explained. ''I'm superstitious. It helps me along my way.'' And that is?
''I'm going over to Harrah's next door.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Because of an editing error, an article on Tuesday about unrest in Nigeria referred incorrectly to Lagos. It is the former capital; Abuja is the new one.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Waiting in line at the Department of Motor Vehicle's Worth Street headquarters is a rite of passage for many New Yorkers, a social equalizer that brings people of every caste and class together in grumbling solidarity.
But these days, the average waiting time is 22 minutes, down from 97 minutes two and a half years ago, department officials say, thanks to an all-out assault on the problem that started in 1993.
First, a team of clerks was assigned to the task. "If anyone knows how to solve the problems, they do, because they deal with it all day long," said David Almon, who was named district director in New York City that year.
One recommendation was having cashiers call for the next customer while the current customer was readying payment. Another was adding "floor aides," people who direct customers to the right lines and tell them what documents they need.
Michael Cortes, a floor aide in the Worth Street office, said that customers are so grateful for his help that they try to tip him.
The innovations started adding up.
"It was a whole bunch of little things that everyone overlooked until we sat down together to think about it," Mr. Almon said.
Of course, tempers still flare. Of the 1,500 people who pass through the office each day, about 200 are asked to return because they lack necessary paperwork. They are allowed to go to the front of the line the next day, provoking loud objections from those waiting in line.
And not every customer finds the improvement noticeable. "It took me over an hour to register my new car," said Jorge Ortiz, a computer technician from Brooklyn. "That's supposed to be good?"
But Tom Apple, a D.M.V. spokesman in Albany, said that the city's progress was encouraging. "The New York City offices are the most difficult ones to make improvements in because of the volume of customers," he said.
And to doubters, department officials say there is proof positive of improvement. After taking a day off work to stand in line at the D.M.V., a customer finished his business in 30 minutes. And he wrote a letter -- of complaint. JENNIFER KINGSON BLOOM  NEIGHBORHOOD REPORT: LOWER MANHATTAN<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: A 27-year-old mental patient has been found guilty of using a metal pipe to kill a counselor making a required visit to his apartment.
A 27-year-old mental patient has been found guilty of using a metal pipe to kill a counselor making a required visit to his apartment.
After deliberating four hours, a Warren County jury on Thursday convicted Mark Koen of Glens Falls of first-degree manslaughter in the 1988 slaying of 23-year-old Amy Carpenter. Jurors also determined that a hearing on Keon's mental condition and whether he should be committed to an institution was not necessary.
Mr. Koen faces up to 25 years in prison when he is sentenced Aug. 7.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Joan D. Abrams, a former superintendent of schools in Red Bank, N.J., and a leader in the movement to open doors for women in school administration, died on Sunday at Morristown Memorial Hospital in New Jersey. She was 62 years old and lived in Short Hills, N.J.
Dr. Abrams died of breast cancer, her son, Linus, said.
As an educator, one of Dr. Abrams's concerns was advancing early detection of learning problems. In the Red Bank school system, where she was superintendent from 1974 to 1987, she began a systematic way for a teacher to determine how much a student had learned. She lectured nationally on this method, called mastery learning.
Before going to Red Bank, Dr. Abrams was superintendent of schools in Montvale, N.J. In New York City, where she began her career, she was principal of Public School 165, assistant principal of Public School 41 and a teacher at Public School 192.
Dr. Abrams received her Ph.D. in education administration from New York University in 1971. When she moved into administration, she was one of a few women in the nation in the top echelons of administration. To help change this, she founded the National Women's Caucus of the American Association of School Administrators.
Besides her son, Dr. Linus Abrams of Brookline, Mass., Dr. Abrams is survived by her husband, Nathan, and a daughter, Lydia, of New York City.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD:
Legal Aid and Voting Rights
A Federal judge ruled that poor people, to protect their voting rights, can use legal aid lawyers to challenge redistricting plans. Page A14.
Right to Counsel Restricted
New York State's highest court ruled that a suspect's right to be represented by a lawyer could be limited in some cases.
Legal Aid and Voting Rights
A Federal judge ruled that poor people, to protect their voting rights, can use legal aid lawyers to challenge redistricting plans. Page A14.
Right to Counsel Restricted
New York State's highest court ruled that a suspect's right to be represented by a lawyer could be limited in some cases. Page B1.
Genes and Lyme Disease
Scientists have found a genetic factor that greatly increases a Lyme disease victim's chances of developing arthritis. Science Times, page C1.
A Lapse in Savings Controls
Behind the savings industry crisis is the story of how the safeguards intended to insure the health and integrity of the system failed. Page D1.
New Way to Bet in New York
New York State legislators paved the way for creation of a betting network to compete with New York City's Offtrack Betting. Page B1.
Ingersoll Out of U.S. Papers
After aggressively buying newspapers here for a decade, Ralph Ingersoll, under mounting financial pressure, has shifted to Europe. Page D1.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Washington Square Park Benefit
The Village Alliance will sponsor a tasting of foods from Greenwich Village restaurants tomorrow from 6 to 8 p.m. in Washington Square Park. The event benefits restoration of the park. Tickets are $35, which includes wine, at the event.
Tasting Green Tea, Free
A tasting of Korean green tea will take place on Friday from 7 to 9 p.m. at the Korean Cultural Service Center, 460 Park Avenue (56th Street). There is no charge. For reservations, (212) 563-5763.
Celebrities Cook for Charity
Real Men Cook for Charity, a national Father's Day fund-raiser in 10 cities, will hold its New York event, with celebrities cooking, on Sunday from 3 to 6 p.m. at the New York City Mission Society Minisink Town House, 646 Malcolm X Boulevard (142nd Street). The fee in advance is $20 for adults and $10 for children under 12: (212) 368-8400. Tickets at the door are $25 for adults, $15 for children. Proceeds will benefit the New York City Mission Society, a social service organization.
Father's Day Barbecue
The de Seversky Center of New York Institute of Technology's Old Westbury Campus on Northern Boulevard will hold a Father's Day barbecue at noon on Sunday. Tickets are $24.95 for adults, $12.50 for children 5 or older: (516) 686-7675.
Discussing Sustainability
Women Chefs and Restaurateurs, a networking group, will hold a panel discussion about making a food business environmentally sustainable on Monday from 6 to 8 p.m., at the French Culinary Institute, 462 Broadway (Grand Street). Tickets are $15 for members, $20 for nonmembers and $10 for students from www.womenchefs.org or (877) 927-7787.
The Four Seasons Celebrates
From June 21 through Sept. 20, the Four Seasons restaurant, 99 East 52nd Street, will mark its 45th birthday with a special bar menu for $19.59 (for the year the restaurant opened). The menu offers a choice between Hyannis lobster roll and crab meat Casanova, dishes that were served at John F. Kennedy's 45th-birthday celebration at the restaurant in 1962. Reservations are not accepted at the bar.
Pairing Food and Art
The first of a series of benefit dinners inspired by the Hudson Valley and pairing chefs and artists will be held on June 26 at 6:30 p.m. at Glynwood Center, an environmental organization in Cold Spring, N.Y. The chef will be Peter Hoffman of Savoy, and the artist will be Christian Philipp Muller. On July 24 the event will be held at Blue Hill at Stone Barns in Pocantico Hills, N.Y., with Blue Hill's chef, Dan Barber, and the artist Matts Leiderstam. Other dinners will be held on Oct. 2, Oct. 23 and Nov. 4 and will feature food by David Bouley, Mary Cleaver and Alice Waters. The artists will be Lothar Baumgarten, George Trakas and Ann Hamilton.
The dinners support Watershed, a project that is installing artworks open to the public along the Hudson River from Bear Mountain to Albany. They are sponsored by Minetta Brook, a nonprofit organization that supports art in public places. Reservations are $500 each, except for the Alice Waters dinner on Nov. 4, which will be $750 and will be held at the Whitney Museum of American Art in Manhattan. For information: (212) 431-7165.
Guild Hall Benefit
The Maidstone Arms, 207 Main Street, East Hampton, N.Y., will hold a Texas barbecue on June 27 from 4 to 9 p.m. to benefit Guild Hall, a cultural center. Admission is $50; half price for children under 12, by check payable to Guild Hall: (631) 324-5006.
FLORENCE FABRICANT<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3*Specialty Retailers
Qtr to Auig 1
1992
1991
Sales
114,200,000
103,200,000
Net inc
2,500,000
200,000
Share earns
.15
-
6mo sales
219,200,000
203,500,000
Net inc
4,900,000
200,000
Share earns
.29
-
There were no share earnings in year-ago periods after preferred dividends.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>It's enough to give a lady a headache -- and a lot of tourists heat exhaustion. Crowds wanting to climb to the crown of the Statue of Liberty have become so large in recent summers that the National Park Service has restricted access to the crown -- 22 stories up -- to passengers on the first ferries of the day from Battery Park in Manhattan and Liberty State Park in Jersey City.
Both of those ferries leave at 8:30 A.M., and visitors who want to be on them should arrive at the ferry terminals by 7:30 A.M. The restrictions, which took effect on Monday, were imposed to reduce the lines in the statue's stairwell, where summer temperatures can exceed 100 degrees. The heat, combined with a wait of up to three hours, caused 160 visitors to be treated for heat-related illness last July and August.
Under the new restrictions, all visitors on the first two ferries receive passes allowing them to get in line for the 354-step climb to the diadem until noon, when access is cut off.
Everyone else will still be able to enjoy the view from the top of the statue's pedestal -- and will have more time to do so. Liberty Island will stay open an extra two hours a day, with the first ferries leaving an hour earlier than the usual 9:30 departure and the last ferries leaving the island at 7 P.M. instead of 6 P.M.
The new restrictions are in effect through Labor Day. For ferry information, call (212) 269-5755.
TRAVEL ADVISORY<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Two children suffered serious injuries in a fire that broke out last night on the top floor of a three-story building at 417 East 146th Street in the Mott Haven section, the authorities said. Relatives identified the victims early this morning as Tanisha Narvaez and Jeremy Delgado, both 1 year old. They said that Tanisha was being treated at Lincoln Medical and Mental Health Center and that Jeremy had been transferred from there to Jacobi Medical Center. Claribel Mercado, Jeremy's godmother, said the children had been playing with other children on the third floor when an explosion occurred about 10:30 p.m. The fire was brought under control by 11 p.m.
Thomas J. Lueck (NYT)<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>In percent
Previous
Year
Yesterday
Day
Ago
Prime rate
8.50
8.50
8.50
Discount rate
5.00
5.00
5.00
Federal funds
5.38
5.22
5.70
3-month T-bills
4.96
4.96
5.08
6-month T-bills
5.09
5.09
5.33
10-yr. T-infl.
3.75
3.76
3.61
10-yr. T-note
5.63
5.70
6.74
30-yr. T-bond
5.93
5.98
6.96
Telephone bd.
7.14
7.17
8.04
Municipal bds.
5.34
5.36
5.87
Sources: Salomon Smith Barney; Dow Jones  Markets; The Bond Buyer
THE MARKETS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Luke Petitgout rarely alters the intensity of his voice or shifts his expression, and his sense of humor is dust dry -- so subtle that someone might miss it, so subtle that its source must be a reservoir of thought and opinion. Teammates say Petitgout, the Giants' left tackle, is difficult to read.
''It's hard to tell what he's thinking,'' said Jim McNally, the offensive line coach who has worked with Petitgout since the team selected him in the first round of the 1999 draft.
The Giants will not know until the off-season if Petitgout will stay and continue to anchor the team's young line, or if he will take advantage of the negotiating leverage he has created by successfully switching from right tackle to left tackle and sign for big dollars with another team.
The Giants are 6-4, hanging on the edge of playoff contention, and their most immediate concern is the Houston Texans (2-8), their opponent Sunday. Once the season is over, Petitgout's status promises to be the Giants' most pressing issue.
''All I can control is my play,'' Petitgout said today. ''I really can't control the Giants' attitude about whether they want to re-sign me, or if they want to find another young guy and develop him. It's just going to depend on them, really.''
Giants General Manager Ernie Accorsi said: ''It would certainly be our interest to re-sign him. This young line has done well and I'm going to do what I can to keep them together.''
After taking major salary-cap hits in the last off-season and re-signing defensive end Michael Strahan to a contract that eases the burden on the team's payroll for next season, the Giants should be in excellent position to spend money for 2003. And Petitgout will probably be in a position to command a big salary.
Petitgout's base salary for this season is $450,000. Jon Runyan, the right tackle signed by the Eagles before the 2000 season, will earn $4.5 million this year and more than $5 million next season. Bob Whitfield, a left tackle in his 11th season with the Atlanta Falcons, will make more than $4 million this year, including $2.3 million in base salary.
''It's either make it or break it for me,'' Petitgout said, ''because either I come out of it and they say, 'He's valuable because he can play right and left tackle.' Or I come out with a knock, where they say, 'Well, he can only play right tackle.' If that's the case, I need to get better at right tackle. If you can't do two things, you need to become great at the one thing.''
After playing left tackle for Notre Dame, Petitgout played left guard, then moved to right tackle for 2000 and 2001, when he and Ron Stone spearheaded the Giants' running game. About three-quarters of their running plays went to the right last season.
The Giants considered developing Chris Bober or the third-round pick Jeff Hatch for the left tackle spot, but after minicamps, the coaching staff asked Petitgout to move to left tackle to protect Kerry Collins's blind side. Petitgout continues to try to perfect his technique, to reach the same level of comfort he developed at right tackle, where every movement became instinctive for him.
The movements for the right tackle and the left tackle are completely different. A right tackle sets his feet with his right foot dropped back and his left foot forward, and the opposite is true for the left tackle. The right defensive ends are usually quicker, placing greater pressure on the left tackle to react immediately to the snap and to get in good position.
But Petitgout has fared well. The Giants have had the most success with its running game when it moves toward Petitgout's side. Although he and the other linemen have been called for a relatively high number of penalties, Petitgout has done well in protecting Collins's blind side from pass rushers.
''He's done a good job,'' McNally said. ''He himself would tell you he would use a little better technique. Once he masters his technique, he'll be even better.''
Petitgout had some trouble adjusting to the change at first. ''But I can't remember recently where you'd say, 'Boy, Petitgout hasn't blocked his guy,' '' McNally said.
Petitgout analyzed his own performance this way: ''So far I've done a decent job. All it takes is one game giving up three sacks, and all of a sudden here come the questions, 'Giants need a new left tackle,' and so on.''
Petitgout could finish the season strong, the Giants could offer him a large contract and the team could still be looking for a new left tackle -- if he decides to go to another team. He will have choices soon.
PRO FOOTBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: The Mets: Blue Cross-Blue Shield.
The Mets: Blue Cross-Blue Shield.
The Yankees: Medicare.  KEN MACKENZIE  Guilford, Conn.
QUESTION OF THE WEEK<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Two Latin Jazz Titans, Volatile and Flamboyant  Carnegie Hall
Latin jazz wants the momentum of salsa and the improvisatory freedom of jazz. Two versions of the mixture filled Carnegie Hall with polyrhythm on Saturday night, in a JVC Jazz Festival double bill of bands led by two Latin-jazz titans: the pianist Eddie Palmieri and the percussionist Tito Puente.
Mr. Palmieri thrives on volatility. His arrangements leap from stately quasi-classical introductions to spiky jazz to bruising, full-band salsa. Once the uptempo rhythm begins, Mr. Palmieri stokes it with big block piano chords and fierce horn riffs. On Saturday, Donald Harrison on alto saxophone, Brian Lynch on trumpet and Conrad Herwig on trombone stayed speedy and snappy, as if the rhythm section might run them down. Ronnie Cuber, a guest soloist on baritone saxophone, was nearly overwhelmed in the pattering of Jose Clausell's timbales, Anthony Carillo's bongos and especially Richie Flores's congas, which sounded like a galloping herd in themselves.
Mr. Palmieri is fond of the modal harmonies of McCoy Tyner, and his set included music with underlying blues structures. But what might look like jazz on paper became salsa on stage; in another place, dancers would have been busy.
Mr. Puente's Golden Latin Jazz All-Stars are, in essence, a hard-bop group with Latin surnames and an overlay of Latin percussion. While some jazz specialists can't handle Latin rhythms, the All-Stars easily straddle both idioms, and they include superb improvisers who found moments of introspection between bursts of flamboyance: Mario Rivera on saxophones, Charlie Sepulveda on trumpet, Hilton Ruiz on piano and Dave Valentin -- the group's music director -- on flute. Inexplicably, both Mr. Palmieri and Mr. Ruiz performed on a tinny electric piano.
Mr. Puente spent much of his time tapping out a simple rhythm on his timbales while Ignacio Berroa, on drums, and Giovanni Hidalgo on congas carried the group. Mr. Puente also clowned, acting the coquette while a guest performer, James Moody, sang "Moody's Mood for Love." Mongo Santamaria sat in on congas for "Afro-Blue."
The two groups combined to play an ambitious Palmieri arrangement that mixed Bach with Afro-Cuban rhythms from hourglass-shaped bata drums. But Mr. Palmieri spent so long introducing the piece that the performance was cut short. JON PARELES<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Final rules for random drug testing of Government employees ranging from the White House chief of staff to secretaries were presented to Congress today by Federal agencies.
Final rules for random drug testing of Government employees ranging from the White House chief of staff to secretaries were presented to Congress today by Federal agencies.
The plans brought an immediate threat of legal action from a group of Justice Department lawyers. Plans of several other agencies have already been blocked by court suits.
The agencies disclosed details of their plans after reviews by the Department of Health and Human Services.
Congress specified that the department review each plan for adherence to technical testing guidelines and certify them to Congress before money could be spent to carry out President Reagan's 1986 executive order for expanded drug testing.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A Jew was stabbed to death on his way to morning prayers today in East Jerusalem. The police said the killer was apparently a Palestinian militant.
Tensions in East Jerusalem have been aggravated in the last year by Jewish settlement attempts in Arab neighborhoods and by recent stabbings of Jews by Arab assailants.
The victim of today's attack, who the authorities said was 30 years old, was not immediately identified. According to reports from the scene, he was stabbed in the chest at about 5:30 A.M. as he walked to a synagogue in Ramat Shlomo, a strictly Orthodox Jewish enclave adjacent to the Arab neighborhood of Shuafat.
There were no witnesses to the killing, but Yair Yitzhaki, the Jerusalem police chief, said that there were growing indications that it was the work of a Palestinian assailant.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Once again the abominable occurs in El Salvador, this time the execution-style murder of six Jesuit priests, their cook and her daughter. Once again a Salvadoran President denounces the crime and promises an investigation. And once again, the barbarous killers are likely to escape. What's different this time is America's horrified impatience.
Once again the abominable occurs in El Salvador, this time the execution-style murder of six Jesuit priests, their cook and her daughter. Once again a Salvadoran President denounces the crime and promises an investigation. And once again, the barbarous killers are likely to escape. What's different this time is America's horrified impatience. Unless President Alfredo Cristiani of El Salvador presses a fast, full and credible search for the killers, he risks loss of U.S. aid.
A witness reports that 30 armed men dressed in military uniforms dragged the victims from a university dormitory. ''They were assassinated with lavish barbarity,'' says the Rev. Jose Maria Tojeira, the Jesuit Provincial for Central America. Amnesty International and Americas Watch both voice the widespread suspicion that right-wing death squads carried out the massacre, to avenge the guerrilla offensive in San Salvador.
President Cristiani has denounced the killings and promises action, while insinuating that leftist provocateurs were responsible. But eyewitness evidence and the history of a dirty, decadelong war explain why outsiders are so suspicious of the right. The list of atrocities in which death squad complicity is suspected includes the killing in 1980 of Archbishop Oscar Arnulfo Romero while he was saying mass; the guilty are still at large. So are those who ordered the death of three American nuns and a lay missionary, and the gunning down of two U.S. labor advisers and a Salvadoran farm leader. Salvadoran courts have yet to punish a single army officer for human rights abuses.
Especially disturbing is the apparent immunity of Roberto d'Aubuisson, founder of Arena, the right-wing party that elected President Cristiani. Former President Jose Napoleon Duarte charged that Mr. d'Aubuisson was responsible for the murder of Archbishop Romero. A few years ago, Mr. d'Aubuisson was denied a U.S. visa because of evidence that he was plotting the murder of the U.S. Ambassador.
President Cristiani blames guerrillas for turning the capital into a gory battleground. But past killings of leftists and trade unionists, and the fresh killings this week, mock his efforts to speak for law, decency and democracy. Democrats in Congress say they will cut off military aid if El Salvador cannot halt and will not punish death squads. If Mr. Cristiani ignores that warning, the message will soon be bipartisan.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Prices of Treasury securities were mixed yesterday as the bond market gave back much of its earlier gains after a Government report showed a sharp drop in June new-home sales because of higher interest rates.
Bonds were given a lift from a stronger dollar amid optimisim that talks between the United States and Japan would produce a compromise to avert a potential trade war.
The price of the 30-year bond slipped 3/32 , to 8611/32 . Its yield, which moves in the opposite direction from price, rose to 7.40 percent, from 7.39 percent on Monday. The yield on a two-year note dropped 2 basis points, to 5.97 percent, while the yield on a seven-year note fell a basis point, to 6.88 percent. A basis point is one-hundredth of 1 percent. New-Home Sales Decline
The Commerce Department reported yesterday that sales of new homes fell 14.1 percent in June, which was weaker than expected.
Home sales are typically the first area of economic activity to be slowed by higher interest rates, said Stuart G. Hoffman, chief economist for the PNC Bank Corporation in Pittsburgh.
"While housing might have contributed heavily to past economic growth, from here forward those contributions will be smaller and will not give the boost to the economy going forward as it has in the past year," Mr. Hoffman said. As a result, he sees economic growth slowing to 2.5 percent, from nearly 3.5 percent in the last two quarters. "Hints are now appearing that growth is cooling," he said.
Analysts said it was important to keep in mind not only the volatility of the homes sales data, but also the tendency for the Government to make sharp revisions to past data.  Many analysts said that the June report almost certainly overstated the degree of weakness in housing.  Many analysts expect that the Fed will weigh tomorrow's retail sales report and Friday's employment report and may tighten credit on Aug. 16, after the Fed's policy-making panel, the Federal Open Market Committee, meets. Some expect a rise in short-term rates of about a half-point depending on the strength of the employment and retail reports for July.
Mr. Hoffman said he expected that the Fed would raise rates again, but with a gentle touch.
Elsewhere, investors in the municipal bond market found the New York State Thruway Authority's $375 million negotiated sale of revenue bonds attractive enough to cause orders to outstrip the amount of bonds available for sale and in some cases lower the bond yields about 5 basis points.
Underwriters led by Smith Barney Inc. repriced the shorter-maturity serial bonds to yield from 3.75 percent for an issue due in 1995 to 5.95 percent in 2011. For longer maturities, a bond due in 2014 was priced to yield 6.15 percent.
The financing, except for the triple-A rated insured securities which run from 2000 through 2011, is rated A by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and A- by the Standard & Poor's Corporation.
In the corporate bond market, Sears, Roebuck & Company was busy selling $783.5 million of global bonds backed by credit cards, in two parts.
In the first part, underwriters led by CS First Boston priced $750 million of senior securities with an average life of five years at $998.44 for every $1,000 of debt, to yield 7.141 percent, or about 43 basis points more than Treasury securities with a similar maturity.
The remaining $33.5 million of subordinated securities with average life of 6.1 years was priced at $998.13 for every $1,000 of debt to yield 7.40 percent, or about 60 basis points more than a Treasury with a comparable maturity.
Traders said the senior debt was rated triple-A by Moody's and S.& P., while the subordinated debt was rated A1 by Moody's and A by S.& P.  CREDIT MARKETS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>WHAT: The summer's publishing phenomenon, wrapped in an unassuming tan cover, is neither a horror novel nor a celebrity cookbook. In just two months, the new catechism of the Catholic Church, the first comprehensive statement of doctrine issued by the church in 400 years, has sold most of the 2.1 million copies now in print in the United States. Booksellers are routinely sold out of it and hope to sell another two million by Christmas if the printer can keep pace. WHO'S BUYING: Mostly Catholics, of course, but bookstores also report surprisingly strong sales to non-Catholics and even non-Christians curious about the teachings of one of the world's most widespread and most mysterious faiths. Church leaders last codified their beliefs in a catechism published in 1566. That document had a hard time keeping up with the 20th century. "Whether they call themselves traditionalists or progressivists, everyone welcomes the fact that, doggone it, now at least we have one place where you can go and look it up," said the Rev. Richard John Neuhaus, the director of the Institute on Religion and Public Life in New York. "It's the baseline of authentic Catholic teaching."
WHAT'S INSIDE: Its 688 densely packed pages (not counting indexes) attempt to deal with nearly every possible aspect of four areas: what Catholics believe, how they celebrate their faith, how they should live their lives and how they should pray. The third section has generated the most interest among non-Catholics. It condemns the arms race, homosexual acts and drunken driving; praises a just wage, aid to the third world and voting, and even suggests a code of conduct for journalists ("They should not stoop to defamation"). Though the text, a translation from French, affirms the equality of men and women, it refers to the human race throughout as "man," a decision that angered many American Catholic clerics. ANY PICTURES?  Yes, three color plates of third- and fourth-century Italian religious art and a fourth from 11th-century Constantinople. The book jacket is so brown and lifeless that some booksellers despaired upon seeing it. "You'd think they could have consulted a few designers," said Joel Fotinos, the religion and philosophy book buyer for the Tattered Cover, a large Denver bookstore, which has sold hundreds of copies. "It's ugly, but it sells." SO WHY ISN'T IT ON THE BEST-SELLER LIST?  The United States Catholic Conference decided to allow 15 companies to publish the book, although the editions are exactly the same, printed on the same presses in Ann Arbor, Mich. The New York Times best-seller list considers each publisher's edition to be a separate book, said Michael Kagay, editor of news surveys at The Times, and none of the editions has qualified for the list. But one edition, from Liguori Publications, appeared on a special list of religious best sellers in the Aug. 15 issue of Publisher's Weekly. There are three times as many paperbacks ($19.95) in print as there are hardcovers ($29.95). WHAT ABOUT SPINOFFS?  Religious publishers are already planning handbooks, synopses and guides. Many are urging the Vatican to designate the rights to the CD-ROM and Internet versions, which it is wary of doing, lest a single word be changed. And Mr. Fotinos said that publishers have begun pushing unrelated books as "in the tradition of the catechism." DAVID FIRESTONE  THING<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>WHEN Regeneron Pharmaceuticals announced this month that it was beginning construction of a new plant here, two ranking state officials were on hand for the occasion. The plant will manufacture drugs that Regeneron will be testing for the treatment of Alzheimer's, Parkinson's and Lou Gehrig's diseases, as well as for other nerve disorders.
Vincent Tese, the State Commissioner of Economic Development, and Gov. Mario M. Cuomo came to the company's headquarters here to represent the state's $250,000 support of Regeneron, and to describe government investment techniques that are as up to date as the neuroscientific work being done by Regeneron researchers.
The state had not simply made a loan, Mr. Tese said. It had made an equity investment in Regeneron, "and we now own 80,000 shares of your stock."
He got a laugh when he added: "During the recent budget negotiations the asset looked so good, some of the legislators wanted to cash in. But not us. We know when we have a good investment." 'Little Piece of the Action'
Mr. Cuomo said the state had never previously made equity investments. "But recently we took a piece of a baseball stadium in Buffalo," he said. "Our deal is, we'll put up the money but we're going to take a little piece of the action; so if you get a franchise, we want the profit.
"The profit would not be for us: the state can't declare dividends. But we can use the money for people who are disabled. Or have more money to invest in the next Regeneron, and the one after that."
Addressing the scientists who had gathered for the occasion, Governor Cuomo said: "We want you to return the money we lend to you. And we want profits and dividends, too, if they are there to be had."
He twitted Mr. Tese for suggesting a reluctance to sell the state's Regeneron stock. "I ought to explain that we also invested in Clestra," Governor Cuomo said, referring to a high-technology company in Syracuse. "Clestra stock went to the moon, but Tese bailed out early."
In fact, the state made a handsome profit on the Clestra investment, receiving $185,000 for its $90,000 investment. Clestra produces contained environments for sterile assembly procedures and will provide technology for Regeneron's new plant here. State's 'High-Tech Squad'
Clutching a mock stock certificate representing the state's 80,000-share investment in the pharmaceutical company, Mr. Cuomo said, "We're not going to make that mistake with Regeneron."
The executive director of the New York State Science and Technology Foundation, H. Graham Jones, described Regeneron as typical of the companies the foundation had sought to help through its "hi-tech squad," the Corporation for Innovation Development. "We try to get industry and universities to work closer, help technology-based industry get started and keep the companies in New York State, all of it while maintaining an informal investment limit of $250,000 per company," Mr. Jones said. The corporation has invested more than $10 million in 46 companies since 1983, and has drawn an additional $49 million in matching grants from private investors.
In one sense, Regeneron represented a risk for the state because "in the bio-tech field, they either click or they don't," Mr. Jones said. "This one has clicked; it seems to have a magic touch. The company doesn't even have a product yet and they're attracting investments from all over."
Three years ago Regeneron consisted of Dr. Leonard S. Schleifer, now its president and chief executive, and three associates working in a former superintendent's apartment with buckling floors on York Avenue in Manhattan. Today, with 109 researchers among its 122 employees, it occupies space previously filled by the Union Carbide Corporation in a scientific/industrial park on Old Saw Mill River Road. State Support Called Crucial
Union Carbide, with corporate headquarters in Danbury, started building the Tarrytown site in 1959. Six years ago it sold the complex, leasing back about half the space for three divisions still functioning here. Edward B. Harris, director of administration for Union Carbide's Tarrytown site, said that Regeneron was one of a dozen companies renting space.
The state's support in 1988 was crucial, Dr. Schleifer said, enabling the fledgling company to resist bids from the high-technology centers near Boston and in Silicon Valley near San Francisco.
"We were also being wooed to go to Texas, where we could have had all the land we wanted almost for nothing," he said. "But we thought New York had a great environment, and the fact that there were not a lot of biotechnology companies was a tremendous advantage to us, because those people really interested in doing this sort of thing would not have to relocate great distances. So we sort of captured the local market, which is quite extensive."
Albany's support also generated $5 million in matching funds from private investors and that was followed by links with two major companies. In 1989, the giant Sumitomo Chemical Company of Japan bought $4.4 million of Regeneron stock and paid $5.6 million for product development. Last fall a biotechnology company in California, Amgen, made an investment commitment of up to $53 million in Regeneron over the next five years.
When Regeneron became a publicly traded company in April, it raised $99 million on its first trading day, the second largest amount ever raised by a biotechnology company in its initial public stock offering. (The largest amount, $115 million, was raised by the Cetus Corporation in 1981.) This pleased but did not surprise Dr. Schleifer, who speaks of his company as taking a new approach to developing drugs that could alleviate the symptoms, if not cure the diseases, that affect the nervous systems of 6.5 million Americans. Maintaining Nerve Cells
"The pharmaceutical industry has tended to focus on small molecules, which work to a limited extent, but which do not act to promote the survival of a nerve cell," he said. "Traditional drugs are designed to replace the natural molecules, called neurotransmitters, which nerve cells use to communicate between themselves. Regeneron's product candidates are nerve growth proteins, which act to maintain the vitality of the nerve cells themselves."
In the case of Parkinson's disease, for example, neurons in the brain carrying a substance called dopamine degenerate and die, resulting in a lack of coordination, trembling and rigidity. Current drugs mimic or enhance dopamine, reducing the symptoms of the disease, but over time the brain responds less and less to the increased dopamine and the patient's condition worsens.
These therapies do not treat the underlying causes of Parkinson's, which are not known. But in animal cells in the test tube, Regeneron has shown that a growth factor for nerve cells -- which they call BDNF, for brain-derived neurotrophic factor -- can promote the survival of the dopamine-carrying neurons that degenerate in Parkinson's.
Articles in two leading scientific journals recently described discoveries made independently by two groups of researchers, at Regeneron and at the University of Southern California. Both used BDNF, which was first isolated in 1989 by two scientists at the Max Planck Institute in Munich, Dr. Hans Thoenen and Dr. Yves Barde.
When the Regeneron researchers added BDNF to brain cells in a test tube, they discovered that it stimulated the cells affected in Parkinson's disease. BDNF was also found to protect those cells from being killed by MPTP, a toxic drug that causes symptoms of Parkinson's disease in laboratory animals. Brain Cells May Be Dormant
Parkinson's experts are especially interested in the new findings because of evidence that many cells in the brains of Parkinson's patients are dormant or dying, not dead.
Dr. Jesse Cedarbaum, a neurologist who is program director of the clinical affairs group at Regeneron, said the company's advisory team included three Nobel Prize winners: Michael S. Brown and Joseph L. Goldstein, for their work in cholesterol metabolism, and Arthur Kornberg, for work involving genetic codes.
The discovery stage is followed by "producing for research," which Dr. Cedarbaum said was being done in existing quarters but would be transferred to the new plant. Research-level production is followed by laboratory experiments and then the clinical trial stage.
This last step requires a go-ahead from the Federal Drug Administration and has three phases: administering the drugs to a small number of patients to learn how safe the drug is and how it is tolerated; expanding the patient group to 200 to determine dosages; and, finally, using thousands of patients.
"After that, you can request approval to market the drug," Dr. Cedarbaum said. The first of the test phases can take six months to one year; the other two can last one to two years each.
"In light of AIDS," he said, "the F.D.A. has promulgated fast-track regulations to compress the process from five years to two or three years for diseases where there is no treatment and which are fatal or severely debilitating.
"That's something we're hoping to do for the sake of patients suffering from diseases like Alzheimer's disease and Lou Gehrig's disease, for which no effective treatment currently exists."<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD:
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3* Flame Industries (OTC)
Qtr to July 31
1989
1988
Net loss
10,877
15,302
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3* Flame Industries (OTC)
Qtr to July 31
1989
1988
Net loss
10,877
15,302<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>BROOKS-Aurelia L. Age 79. Of NYC. Died Saturday, May 8. Burial service at Saint Peter's Church, 346 West 20th Street on Wednesday, May 12th at 12 noon. She is survived by brother, Victor Markiewicz; daughters, Susan Kanellakis and Alison Bell; and two grandchildren, Elizabeth and Duncan. In lieu of flowers, contributions to the charity of your choice will be much appreciated.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Top 10 reasons to eat at a chain restaurant:
10. McDonald's won't let you sit for more than 10 minutes.
9. Kids saw the Olive Garden sign and now refuse to eat at Il Quattro Gatti.
8. Unlike the Four Seasons, Olive Garden will melt mozzarella over a 5-year-old's plate of spaghetti Bolognese on command.
7. Unlike Le Refuge or Bistro du Nord, Outback has a kids' menu.
6. Unlike Daniel, Red Lobster has crayons and color-your-own place mats with pictures of Clawde the Lobster.
5. Everything in the salad bowl at Olive Garden is easily recognizable to elderly relatives.
4. Chain restaurant waiters will listen politely to elderly relatives with digestive concerns.
3. When everyone is hungry at 3 in the afternoon, where else are you going to go?
2. When transit fares and rents are going up, Martha Stewart is being indicted and it's been raining for a week, you don't have the mental strength to decide between tilapia and sea bass.
1. Waiters at Nobu refuse to put on fake Australian accents for your enjoyment.
ANNIE NEWMAN  Rhinecliff, N.Y.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: A senior lawyer at the State Department has been appointed general counsel to the Central Intelligence Agency.
A senior lawyer at the State Department has been appointed general counsel to the Central Intelligence Agency.
The lawyer, Elizabeth Rindskopf, is 46 years old and will assume the post in early April. She will be the first woman to hold that position in the organization's 43-year history, C.I.A. officials said.
She has been principal deputy legal adviser at the State Department since September and was previously general counsel to the National Security Agency.
The Director of Central Intelligence, William H. Webster, said in a statement made public today that Ms. Rindskopf's ''very distinguished record of service in the intelligence community'' prepares her well for the C.I.A.'s top legal post, which can call for difficult judgments about American intelligence activities in foreign nations.
Background in Rights Cases
Ms. Rindskopf was graduated from the law school at the University of Michigan in 1968. She then worked in Atlanta as a civil rights lawyer for the federally supported Legal Services Corporation.
In the 1970's, she worked as a lawyer for the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, as director of New Haven Legal Assistance and as deputy director of the Lawyer's Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, a Washington-based alliance of law firms.
From 1979 to 1981, Ms. Rindskopf worked for the Federal Trade Commission, and then entered private practice in 1981. In 1984, she joined the National Security Agency, which collects and deciphers electronic communications from around the world.
Regret for a Departure
Ms. Rindskopf will replace Russell J. Bruemmer, who will return to private law practice in Washington. Mr. Bruemmer had been at the C.I.A. since September 1987, when he was asked by Mr. Webster to head an inquiry into misconduct by C.I.A. employees involved in the Iran-contra affair.
Mr. Bruemmer's work led Mr. Webster to dismiss or otherwise punish six C.I.A. employees. Mr. Bruemmer was named the agency's general counsel in January 1988.
In his statement, Mr. Webster expressed regret that Mr. Bruemmer, his law clerk when he was a Federal District Judge in the 1970's, had decided to leave the agency.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD:
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3* Vivigen Inc. (OTC)
Qtr to Dec 31
1989
1988
Revenue
2,541,000
1,694,000
Net inc
319,000
246,000
Share earns
.12
.11
Yr rev
9,080,000
5,812,000
Net inc
1,636,000
822,000
Share earns
.64
.34
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3* Vivigen Inc. (OTC)
Qtr to Dec 31
1989
1988
Revenue
2,541,000
1,694,000
Net inc
319,000
246,000
Share earns
.12
.11
Yr rev
9,080,000
5,812,000
Net inc
1,636,000
822,000
Share earns
.64
.34<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Federal banking regulators are considering changes in accounting practices that would require Citibank to recognize more of the risks from its municipal bond insurance subisidiary, and perhaps sharply increase the amount of capital it needs if it continues to hold the insurance unit.
Federal banking regulators are considering changes in accounting practices that would require Citibank to recognize more of the risks from its municipal bond insurance subisidiary, and perhaps sharply increase the amount of capital it needs if it continues to hold the insurance unit.
The change in Citibank's accounting has been sought by executives at the Financial Guaranty Insurance Company, a competitor of American Municipal Bond Assurance Corporation, a Citibank unit since 1986.
Peter J. Schmitt, chief operating officer of Financial Guaranty, said yesterday that American Municipal had been gaining market share in the bond insurance business because of an ''unfair competitive advantage resulting from the accounting practices.''
Objection to Tactic
Mr. Schmitt objects to Citibank's practice of counting $630 million of capital as support for its insurance activities, and at the same time including that money as capital available to support other banking activities.
James W. McLane, head of the global insurance division at Citibank, said, ''We are already consolidating Ambac in our financial statements and complying with regulators' standards.'' He added that ''we do not feel at this point that we need an increase in capital at Citibank or Citicorp'' to cover the insurance activities. He did not comment on possible changes in accounting rules by Federal regulators.
Alan Greenspan, chairman of the Federal Reserve Board, and William Clarke, Comptroller of the Currency, said in letters responding to the issues raised by Financial Guaranty, that they were still developing the specific policies for the capital required to protect against losses in various kinds of financial insurance and guarantees.
In principle, both Mr. Greenspan and Mr. Clarke agreed that risks created by insurance policies must be included when measuring how much capital a banking company must hold.
Citicorp Has a Plan
Last month, Citicorp said it was planning to strengthen its capital position in coming months by retaining profits and selling some subsidiaries. One of the subsidiaries Citicorp might sell, banking analsyts said, is the Ambac insurance unit. ''The Ambac unit is one that might be sold since it could be fairly easily packaged as an distinct business,'' said Judah Kraushaar, a banking analyst at Merrill Lynch & Company.
In a letter dated Dec. 20, 1989, to Senator Steve Symms, Republican of Idaho, Mr. Clarke said his office ''has informed Citibank that we expect to consolidate Ambac onto its balance sheet when computing its risk-based capital requirements.''
According to estimates by Financial Guaranty the recognition of the risks of the insurance policies written by Citibank insurance unit could require the bank to add about $3.6 billion of capital reserves, if the need was measured against the total amount of insured bond princpal and interest payments. The additional amount would fall to about $1.2 billion if the need was measured against only bond principal.
Tougher Standards Expected
Executives in the municipal bond business said they expected Federal regulators to adopt tougher standards, to require more capital by banking companies who choose to operate financial insurance companies.
The risk-based capital requirements are standards for banks that become effective at the end of this year. By the end of 1992, the rules, agreed to by bank regulators in 11 developed countries, would require capital at banking companies to equal 8 percent of assets, after adjusting assets depending on their degree of risk.
The capital standard requires that when calculating the required amount of capital, banks must recognize off-balance sheet items like letters of credit. When applying to buy American Municipal Bond in 1985, Citibank contended that municipal bond insurance was a very similar to letters of credit.
Ambac, which had insured $85 billion of principal and interest on municipal bonds at the end of 1988, has relied heavily on reinsurance. Citicorp, Citibank's parent, had $8.2 billion of capital at the end of 1989.
Because the GE Capital Company, the parent of Financial Guaranty, is not affiliated with a bank, and does not have federally insured deposits, it is not subject to the capital standards that apply to Citibank and Citicorp.
A unit of the General Electric Company, GE Capital had capital at Sept. 30, 1989, of about $5 billion, with assets of $55 billion. The $5 billion of capital included $567.8 million at Financial Guaranty, which had insured $90.2 billion of bond principal and and interest payments, before reinsurance.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>IT has, as Men's Health magazine points out, become a staple of the advice offered by financial self-help books and experts: If you want to save more money, skip that $4 coffee you have every day.
Compounded at 8 percent interest annually, that small sacrifice will be worth north of $70,000 in 20 years.
''Fine, but what about this,'' Anya Kamenetz writes. ''You like latte. If you were to apply their advice to every aspect of your life, you'd live at the Y, hitchhike to work, and eat three squares of white bread a day. Their advice may help you save, but it won't help you live.''
The writer's alternative: we all have spending strengths and weakness and so the secret to financial success is that we need to ''learn how to exploit the former while suppressing the latter.''
Ms. Kamenetz writes that spenders can be placed in one of three categories: sleepwalkers, who simply do not pay attention to how much they are spending; status spenders, who buy things to impress others; or scrimpers, and even they have problems, she says. They may occasionally binge to offset all the self-sacrifice or find it hard to ''part with a large chuck of change even when it's a wise investment,'' or both.
The magazine offers a series of tips for each group.
For example, sleepwalkers need to pay their bills online, to make sure they are paid on time; status seekers should write all their checks by hand, to be painfully aware of each expenditure; and scrimpers should set a budget that includes a reasonable amount of spending.
WHO ARE YOU? -- It is fine to have a financial plan devised by others. But if you are going to stick to it, you need to understand why you spend (and save) the way you do, Essence argues in its current issue.
To help you find out, the magazine provides a quiz to help you determine why you deal with money the way you do.
Sample question:
You just got a promotion with a 5 percent raise. The first thing you do is:
A) Buy the same Louis Vuitton bag your boss has
B) Increase your 401(k) contribution by 1 percent
C) Bank the raise in a savings account
D) Do nothing. ''It's only 5 percent what difference will it make?''
If you answer ''a'' you are a ''classic spender,'' who buys on impulse, often on credit, and need to think about the long-term consequences before you spend. ''B'' means that saving is important to you, ''but you may be big on head knowledge and low on action.'' You could save more.
Those who pick ''c'' are too cautious. ''You may need to learn how to take calculated risks.'' If you answered ''d,'' it means you want someone else to tell you what to do, and you need to get more involved in your financial life.
DIGITAL PRINTS -- Even if all you know about police procedures comes from watching television, you know that the authorities can identify a gun used in a crime by the unique marks it leaves on a bullet.
The same thing is true with digital cameras and the prints they produce.
''Software developed by Jessica Fridrich at the State University of New York in Binghamton exploits the fact that every digital camera introduces a unique pattern of imperfections, or 'noise,' into its images,'' Kate Greene writes in Technology Review.
Ms. Fridrich's software determines the camera's noise signature by identifying the irregularities in the pictures it produces, and that ''yields a 'fingerprint' that investigators can search for in other photos.''
Among other things, the software is viewed as an important advance in the battle against child pornography.
FINAL TAKE -- Women's Health reminds us that it was 10 years ago today that Taco Bell ran full-page ads claiming that it had purchased the Liberty Bell to help pay off the national debt. The announcement was treated seriously in ''hundreds of print and broadcast outlets.'' Happy April Fool's day.
PAUL B. BROWN
WHAT'S OFFLINE<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Credits are omitted on Pages 86-89 of The Times Magazine today for the photographs with an article about Pauline Nyiramasuhuko, the former Rwandan minister now on trial for genocide. The pictures are by Kimberlee Acquaro for The New York Times.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>President Clinton's budget for the next fiscal year lays out a blueprint for the largest environmental rescue project ever undertaken in this country -- the restoration of Florida's Everglades. In a few weeks, the Senate and House appropriations committees will begin making decisions that will determine the future of this once-wondrous ecosystem. Members of these committees can emerge from this process as environmental heroes or as accomplices in the further degradation of South Florida.
The Administration's 1998 budget would  allocate more than $300 million to Everglades restoration as the down payment on a $1.5 billion program. Given the stringent new deficit-reduction agreement, the Administration will not get everything it wants. But two elements of the plan are essential.
One is the Interior Department's Everglades Restoration Fund, which would provide $100 million to create buffer zones between the Everglades and two of its greatest threats -- the agricultural region to the north and the exploding urban populations to the east. The other is $120 million in new money for the Army Corps of Engineers. The Corps plans a massive replumbing project aimed at replicating as closely as possible the historic flow of clean water from Lake Okeechobee southward to the Everglades National Park and Florida Bay.
The entire enterprise can be considered an act of Federal restitution for the damage the Corps caused 50 years ago when Congress ordered it to drain 500,000 acres south of Lake Okeechobee. That marvelous if misguided feat of engineering kept Miami's booming suburbs flood-free and provided the rich soil for Florida's hugely profitable sugar cane industry. But it robbed both the Everglades and Florida Bay of timely fresh-water flows, and nearly ruined both.
Congress endorsed the basic outlines of the restoration plan when it passed the Water Resources Development Act last year. But Congress did not come up with the money that the Corps and Interior needed to get the project rolling.
Congress's stinginess arose from a curious twist of election-year politics. Hoping to win Florida's electoral votes, Bob Dole persuaded Congress to add $200 million to the 1996 farm bill for land acquisition to buffer the Everglades. This was  an unexpected and welcome gift, but Congress  used it as an excuse to shortchange other vital programs.
Some in Congress are making similar noises now, saying the Administration will not get another penny until it spends the entire $200 million. That is  narrow thinking. For one thing, the money covers only land purchases. It provides nothing for the Corps, nothing for habitat protection in the Everglades and Florida Bay, and nothing for scientific studies to guide the project.
Land acquisition is also a tricky business, requiring stubborn patience. The Interior Department, for example, covets a 50,000-acre parcel of sugar cane land belonging to the St. Joe Paper Company in the southern tier of the agricultural area. This land would be useful for cleaning polluted agricultural runoff and storing water for later release into the Everglades. But St. Joe has been demanding extortionate prices, more than $100 million by some estimates. Interior would be foolish not to take its time to seek a better deal.
The Administration says that in the recent budget negotiations the Republican leadership promised to provide at least $250 million of the $300 million President Clinton wants for the Everglades this year. But that commitment must be conveyed in the strongest terms to the appropriations committees, which tend to be dominated by Westerners with little interest in conservation issues outside their own territory. Much will depend, too, on the Administration's willingness to fight hard. President Clinton has made the Everglades his top environmental priority, and he needs to keep reminding Congress of that.
For once, most of the players in the Everglades drama seem to be pulling in the same direction -- the Administration, Florida's Legislature, the Army Corps of Engineers and environmentalists. Even the sugar industry concedes that it is not only part of the problem but also part of the solution. The time is right for Congress, which created the Everglades disaster in the first place, to step forward.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>KOFMEHL--Paul J., 78, died on February 17 in New York City, following a brief illness. Mr. Kofmehl retired from IBM in 1988 as IBM Vice President and Group Executive America's Group, after serving as IBM President World Trade Europe/Middle East/ Africa in Paris, France. Following his retirement from IBM, Kofmehl was invited to serve as Executive Director of the New York City Mayor's Private Sector Survey under Mayor Edward Koch. In 1992, Kofmehl co-founded Franklin Health Group, where he served as Chairman until 1995. He also served on the Board of Directors of MagneTek, Inc. until December, 2006. Paul Kofmehl was a resident of Shelter Island, New York, and Klosters, Switzerland, and it is with joy that we remember the many accomplishments, friendships and activities that represent a full and active life. He was an avid sailor, and member of the New York Yacht Club and the Shelter Island Yacht Club in New York. He is survived by his wife, Linda, and daughters, Sharon Kofmehl of Charleston, SC, and Sandy Kofmehl of Paris, France, and granddaughter, Emma Kofmehl of Charleston. Memorial contributions may be made to the Shelter Island Red Cross Ambulance Fund, Shelter Island, NY 11964 or to The Nature ConservancyMashomack Preserve, Shelter Island, NY 11964.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>In this relentlessly partisan city, Alan Greenspan has almost always floated above the fray, enjoying bipartisan support built on his successful stewardship of the economy.
But he is also one of Washington's shrewdest and most enduring political operators, cultivating ties to Democrats and Republicans alike while fortifying his own independence as chairman of the Federal Reserve under administrations of both parties. And he is well aware of the influence he wields on matters far removed from monetary policy.
So Mr. Greenspan set off considerable speculation about his motives when he reversed his own long-held position on Thursday and said the federal budget surplus was big enough both to pay off the national debt and accommodate a substantial tax cut.
Was he making a purely economic judgment? Or was he putting some of his considerable political capital to work on behalf of the Republican agenda -- an agenda very much in sync with his own ideology -- just five days after George W. Bush moved into the White House?
His explanation of his decision was consistent with his previous view of what was happening to the economy and his stated preference for tax cuts as opposed to increased government spending.
More so than even a year ago, he said, the government faces the real possibility that a wave of surpluses will wipe out the $3.4 trillion national debt held by the public within a decade and then leave Washington with hundreds of billions of dollars a year in excess revenue on its hands.
Mr. Greenspan said he particularly feared that if taxes were not cut, the government would end up using the surplus to buy stocks and bonds, a prospect at odds with his philosophy that the government should play a minimal role in private enterprise.
''I never expected to see the day where I would be talking about anything other than reducing the debt,'' Mr. Greenspan told the Senate Budget Committee on Thursday. ''I am running into the tyranny of zero, which is where you can't reduce it any more. And so, have my views changed? Yes, they've changed; they have to change.''
Republicans and their supporters knew immediately that Mr. Greenspan had vastly improved the odds of passing a tax cut of the scale proposed by Mr. Bush, $1.6 trillion over 10 years. Mr. Bush's plan would reduce all income tax rates, double the child credit, give a break to two-income couples and repeal the federal estate tax.
Republicans in Congress have lots of ideas of their own for expanding the tax package, including a reduction in the capital gains tax, the addition of provisions favoring businesses, and expansions of the individual retirement account and 401(k) retirement savings plans. And the administration is close to a decision to speed up the tax cut by reducing income tax withholding this year, a development reported today by The Wall Street Journal.
''Greenspan probably has more impact on the fate of a tax cut than the president of the United States,'' said Mark A. Bloomfield, president of the American Council for Capital Formation, a business-financed group that lobbies for tax cuts.
For Mr. Bush, whose father's administration had strained and at times hostile relations with Mr. Greenspan, the Fed chairman's stance on taxes held the promise of a more productive partnership. Mr. Bush's Treasury secretary, Paul H. O'Neill, has already signaled that he shares Mr. Greenspan's views on economic policy.
Among Democrats, though, there was a sense of disappointment, and some suspicion that after eight years with a Democrat in the White House Mr. Greenspan was revealing his true colors as a conservative whose ties to Republican politics date to Richard M. Nixon's 1968 campaign.
To them, Mr. Greenspan had been a bulwark against fiscal irresponsibility. By opening the door to a large tax cut, they said, Mr. Greenspan was inviting a bidding war that could lead to a tax reduction so big that it could threaten the government's newfound fiscal health just as it is confronting the rising costs of providing retirement and health benefits to the baby boom generation.
''He's taken the lid off the punch bowl,'' said Senator Paul S. Sarbanes, Democrat of Maryland. ''And once you take the lid off the punch bowl, you can't say you can only have half a cup.''
So distressed were Democrats that some of them said Mr. Greenspan might have hurt his standing among them. While they acknowledged that it was fruitless for them to fight the Fed chairman publicly, some of them said privately that he would receive less deference on Capitol Hill in the future.
''We've put him on this high pedestal, and we've fooled ourselves,'' said one senior Democratic aide on Capitol Hill. ''This is a man with a very conservative background. This is not some objective, nonpartisan oracle.''
This was not the first time that Mr. Greenspan has injected himself into a political battle. In early 1993, he publicly backed the deficit reduction program developed by the Clinton administration, even though it was built on a tax increase.
In fact, Mr. Greenspan had worked behind the scenes after the 1992 election to stiffen Mr. Clinton's resolve in attacking what was then a huge and growing deficit. And his support helped move the package through Congress even though not a single Republican in either the House or the Senate voted for it.
But while the deficit in 1993 demanded immediate action, it is not clear, at least not to Democrats, that the current fiscal outlook requires an immediate and large tax cut. Not only is there an argument in favor of using some of the surplus money to address needs like improving health care and education, but the surplus projections could prove overly optimistic.
''Clinton's budget policy in 1993 was the right budget policy from the standpoint of the Fed and Alan Greenspan,'' said Alice M. Rivlin, a former Clinton administration official and a former vice chairwoman of the Fed. ''I find this current move a little harder to understand, in part because I don't agree with it. His concern about the surplus seems to me to be premature.''
Still, Mr. Greenspan's position left Democrats with little choice but to acknowledge that a substantial tax cut is now all but certain this year, and to shift their sights to keeping it at least somewhat smaller than what Mr. Bush has proposed rather than letting it grow larger.
They sought to focus attention on the caveats that Mr. Greenspan attached to his endorsement of tax cuts, most notably his insistence that they not lead to a repeat of the 1980's, when the Reagan-era tax cuts contributed to a surge in the deficit and the national debt.
Senator Max S. Baucus of Montana, the senior Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, ''remains concerned that Chairman Greenspan's testimony could be misinterpreted as a green light for an excessive and exploding tax cut,'' said Michael Siegel, Mr. Baucus's spokesman.
Mr. Sarbanes said he feared that Mr. Greenspan's caveats would be lost in a rush to pass politically popular tax cuts, and spending increases as well, that could lead to deficits and economic problems down the road.
''There's not just a danger but a pretty high probability that this thing will get out of hand,'' Mr. Sarbanes said. ''He's going to have to live with the consequences of what he's set off.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>OFFICIALS of Muttontown may want to check the zoning laws. One resident keeps a horse in his basement.
He was riding it the other day -- hunched over, knees together, flicking a whip quicker than one could blink. Faster and faster he rode, until rider and horse moved in perfect synchronization. It was beauty in motion, even if the ride shared space with an old television set and a pile of discarded Tonka toys.
The basement horse, a mechanical version of a thoroughbred, is the well-kept secret of Jerry D. Bailey, the No. 1 jockey in America.
Mr. Bailey may be Long Island's well-kept secret. He has lived in Muttontown with his wife, Suzee, for 10 years. Their son, Justin, 4, goes to school there. Yet outside the racing world, few people on the Island realize that in their midst resides the winner of just about every prestigious horse-race.
Kentucky Derby? He has won two. Plus a Preakness, Belmont Stakes, Breeders Cup -- the list goes on and on. He has been the Jockey of the Year for the last two years. Then there is the Racing Hall of Fame. He has also headed the Jockey Guild for seven years. This is the jockey who rode Cigar, the most famous racehorse since Secretariat.
At 39, Mr. Bailey is at the top of his profession. He is the Muhammad Ali, Mickey Mantle and Bart Starr of horse racing. Yet, because of the fewer followers of his sport, and perhaps  because of the simplicity of his name, he is not a household word.
Some people may have heard of Angel Cordero Jr., Eddie Arcaro and Willie Shoemaker. But Jerry Bailey? Sounds like a next-door neighbor. Which he is for Mickey and Barbara Madden.
''He's a fantastic neighbor,'' said Mr. Madden, who owns an automobile-body shop in Hicksville. ''He's my little buddy. We support him to the hilt. I can't say enough about him, and Suzee and Justin.''
The Baileys live on two acres off a country lane. Their house, complete with a jockey ornament on the front lawn, is in prime horse country. But they have none.
''We could,'' Mr. Bailey said. ''But I work with them all day. I don't want to come home to them at night. And they're not like a dog that you can pack up and bring with you.''
The only equine in the family is the Equicizor, a mechanical horse created by another jockey, Frank Lovato. ''It's great to practice on,'' Mr. Bailey said. ''I put a tape on the VCR of one of the big races -- me winning the Kentucky Derby or the Breeders Cup -- and I'll ride along and relive those moments.''
Mr. Bailey always seems on the move. When he is not racing round the track he is usually traveling to one. The trip to Belmont Park in Elmont takes about 25 minutes. ''To be nearer, most jockeys and trainers live in Garden City,'' he said. ''But I liked the privacy out here.''
The North Shore is a great place for Justin to grow up, he said, and Justin is very special to the Baileys. The couple speak openly of the difficulty they had in conceiving. ''We tried for seven years to have children,'' said Mrs. Bailey, a former reporter for Sportschannel. ''We went to every fertility specialist.''
In between they made do with dogs. First there was Barney, a cocker spaniel. Then Watusi, a Rhodesian ridgeback. But always there was the trying for a child.
''It was an emotional roller coaster,'' Mr. Bailey said.
Finally the couple participated in a procedure called GIFT, where the  sperm is artificially inseminated directly into the fallopian tubes. ''It worked the first time,'' Mrs. Bailey said.
As Justin frolicked in the swimming pool, his father kept a watchful eye. When the horses are running at Belmont or Aqueduct, he returns home each day between early morning workouts and the start of the races to spend time with the family.
Often he stops at Home Depot. ''There's one on the way back from the track,'' he said. ''I was just there the other day buying mulch.''
He has a collection of chainsaws in the garage that would rival Paul Bunyan. ''And the riding lawn mower,'' his wife added. ''He likes to relieve the tension by cutting the grass. During the jockey strike he rode around on it so much I was afraid he was going to destroy the lawn.''
When the couple moved to Long Island, ''We were Green Acres,'' Mrs. Bailey said. ''We didn't know much  about suburban living.'' To move shrubbery, Mr. Bailey hooked a chain to the back of his Mercedes-Benz and pulled out the shrubs. When he tried to burn discarded brush, the fire department responded.
''One of the firemen,'' Mr. Bailey recalled, ''said to me, 'When your dad comes home, tell him you're not allowed to do this.' I don't usually say anything, but I got mad and I said, 'I own this property!' So he wrote me a summons.'''
With a boyish face and slight build, he looks forever young. At 5 feet 5 inches, however, it's not as if one instantly thinks ''jockey.'' His weight is another matter.
''How many women will tell you they weigh more than their husbands?'' Mrs. Bailey asked. Both the Baileys are blond, slim and attractive. It's just that in this family the husband is slimmer. His current weight is 109 pounds.
''I haven't weighed that since I was in high school,'' his wife said.
Always competitive, it was hard for the jockey to accept his size when growing up. ''It wasn't until my sophomore year in high school that I gave up the dream of being a Green Bay Packer,'' he said. ''So I took up wrestling.''
He grew up in El Paso, the son of a dentist, Dr. James Bailey. The first horse he was on was a family pet, a Shetland pony named Lady, ''which she wasn't,'' he said. His sisters Kathy and Becky rode, too. ''I still think Becky's a better rider than me,'' he said. ''She rides in show rings.''
Riding was never the end-all for Mr. Bailey. ''It's the competition that appeals to me,'' he said. When he was 12, his father bought some race horses. ''Instead of going to camp,'' the jockey said, ''I went to the racetrack and started helping my father groom the horses.'' At 17 he began riding professionally.
''We never expected him to be a jockey,'' said Dr. Bailey, who was  visiting Muttontown for a few weeks.  ''His mother said, 'It's dangerous.'  But I said, 'So is life.' ''
In 1984 he was racing in Florida when he met Suzee Chulick, a former actress who had just become a reporter for Sportschannel. ''They sent me to cover the Flamingo Stakes,'' she recalled. ''I had never been to a horse race in my life. The favorite was named Devil's Bag, and his trainer was Woody Stephens. I read up on them. But the race had an upset.''
The winner was a horse called Time for a Change. The jockey was Mr. Bailey. ''So I had to interview him,'' she said.
The attraction was immediate. ''I turned to one of my jockey friends and I said, 'I'm going out with her,' '' he recalled.
''I looked into those eyes and I knew his soul,'' she recalled. A month after they started dating, they were engaged.
They married in 1985 and have rarely been apart since, even with Mr. Bailey's trips to the hospital. Through the years he has suffered 14 broken ribs, a broken jaw, a broken collarbone and a back that was broken in three places.
The athletic Mr. Bailey considers injuries part of his sport. But he has worked hard to obtain safety equipment for other riders. ''He's always working on behalf of the other jockeys,'' said Allan R. Dragone, former chairman of the New York Racing Association.
Mr. Bailey is so focused that at times people can think he is aloof, his wife said. ''But once he lets you inside you see that soft warm person.'' She saw it with the jockey's relationship with Cigar.
''We went to visit him in Kentucky after he retired last year,'' Mr. Bailey said. ''I think he may have recognized me.''
Cigar was one of those horses that comes but once in a jockey's career. His trainer was Bill Mott, '' a wonderful friend,'' Mr. Bailey said. The horse's winning streak mesmerized racing fans. For two years, Mr. Bailey rode him, a rarity in the racing world. ''He's part of my life now,'' the jockey said.
''I've never seen Jerry like he was with Cigar,'' Mrs. Bailey added. ''He would sit and watch him.''
Their home is filled with Cigar memorabilia. It's a house of trophies and toys. Justin's playthings take center stage. But in every room there is some remembrance of 22 years of racing. In the family room is a wall with pictures of the most successful mounts. ''It started as the $500,000 wall,'' Mr. Bailey said.
''Then it went to a million,'' his wife added. ''Now it's three million.''
That is what the horse owners get. A jockey receives 6 percent of every winning purse. ''Cigar won $10 million in purses,'' he said. For his daily mounts at Belmont, he receives a net of about $45 a horse, he said. ''Even for the Kentucky Derby that's all we get for riding the horse.'' Winning is another matter.
Owners love to have Mr. Bailey ride their horses. ''But it's very difficult to get him,'' said Barry K. Schwartz, chairman of Calvin Klein and a racehorse owner. ''He's always in demand, and you want a jockey who can keep riding your horse.''
Riding at Belmont the other day, Mr. Bailey and the other jockeys were like fashion models on the runway. In and out of the jockey room they raced, changing silks for new mounts. In the paddock they waited for last-minute instructions on their  next horses.
One of Mr. Bailey's mounts was trained by Carlos Martin and his father, Jose, of Valley Stream. ''With jockeys like him,'' Jose Martin said, ''You don't want to give too much advice.''
''Jerry's in a league of his own,'' added Drew Mollica, an agent for another jockey, Chris Antley. ''We're in competition, but you can't say enough about him. He's a thinking man's jockey, an athletic jockey. He does it all. He's the perfect package.''
Up on another horse, Mr. Bailey rode through the tunnel under the grandstands and out to the track. The bugler, Sam Grossman of Huntington, waved. ''I always root for Jerry,'' he said. ''Because he's my friend.''
Mr. Grossman does not bet on him,  though. ''The last bugler won the Six-Pick for $150,000,'' Mr. Grossman said. ''The officials weren't too happy about that.''
For Mr. Bailey it was another day, with more winners. All that winning and no regrets? Perhaps one, he said. ''I've never gotten to say 'I'm going to Disney World.' ''
ABOUT LONG ISLAND<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The show-business weekly Variety reported yesterday that a top price of $50 had been set for two Broadway plays, "A Streetcar Named Desire" and "Death and the Maiden," which have both signed star-studded casts for limited runs.
Variety also reported that a third play, "Jake's Women" by Neil Simon, would have a $50 ticket, but its producer, Emanuel Azenberg, said yesterday that the top price would be $47.50.
The most costly plays on Broadway this season have been "Six Degrees of Separation," which closed on Sunday, and "Lost in Yonkers," with top prices of $45. Last season two plays, "The Grapes of Wrath" and "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof," had a top price of $50.
The current top price for a musical is $100 for front mezzanine seats at "Miss Saigon." That show's producer, Cameron Mackintosh, has announced that he will eliminate the $100 ticket and charge $65 for the best seats beginning March 9. The price of orchestra seats will increase by $5 for both "Miss Saigon" and "The Phantom of the Opera," another Mackintosh musical.
"Streetcar," which is to open on April 12 at the Ethel Barrymore Theater, will star Alec Baldwin and Jessica Lange. James Walsh, the general manager of the play, said the $50 ticket was necessary because of the 21-week limited run. "We have two star salaries and no chance of extensions," he said.
Also star-laden is "Death and the Maiden," the Ariel Dorfman play with Glenn Close, Gene Hackman and Richard Dreyfuss, directed by Mike Nichols. It is to open on March 17. "We have the three major stars for only 24 weeks, and we don't have the ordinary period to recoup," said Roger Berlind, one of the producers.
Mr. Azenberg cited the actors' high salaries and increased production expenses as reasons why top-price tickets for "Jake's Women," the Neil Simon play with Alan Alda that is to open on March 24, will be $2.50 more than those for Mr. Simon's "Lost in Yonkers."
The producers of most new plays opening on Broadway this spring said, however, that they would not raise their ticket prices. "I think it's unfortunate that prices are going this high because it creates an image that $50 is what it costs to go to Broadway," said Benjamin Mordecai, executive producer of "Two Trains Running." That play by August Wilson, scheduled to open on April 13 at the Walter Kerr Theater, will have a top ticket price of $42.50. The show stars Larry Fishburne and Roscoe Lee Browne.
"It does set a precedent," Mr. Azenberg said of the $50 ticket. "But 'Streetcar' and 'Maiden' are unusual, given the limited run and other factors."
Mr. Walsh insisted, "I'm a good example of the fact that this isn't setting a precedent for future productions." He said another play he is producing, Herb Gardner's "Conversations With My Father," starring Judd Hirsch and opening March 22, will have a top price of $45. "Unlike 'Streetcar,' we'll have two years to recoup," Mr. Walsh said.
So far, other productions are holding the line. John Guare's new play, "Four Baboons Adoring the Sun," directed by Peter Hall, is to open at the Vivian Beaumont in mid-March at a top price of $45, said Merle Debuskey, press representative for the Lincoln Center Theater.
Another Lincoln Center Theater production, Richard Nelson's "Two Shakespearean Actors," starring Brian Bedford and Victor Garber, is to open on Broadway at the Cort Theater on Jan. 16 with a top price of $37.50.
Also planning a top price of $45 is "Shimada," a play by Jill Shearer, starring Ben Gazzara, Ellen Burstyn, Mako and Estelle Parsons, opening April 23 at the Broadhurst Theater. And "Redwood Curtain," Lanford Wilson's new play, will have a top ticket price of $42.50 when it opens on April 9 at the Nederlander Theater.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>In an attempt to rescue Romania's reputation from the damage caused by riots in the capital last week, Romanian leaders pledged today to keep the country on the path toward a market-style economy under a caretaker Government drawn from several political parties.
Theodor Stolojan, a 48-year-old former Finance Minister named Tuesday to replace Petre Roman as Prime Minister, said at a news conference today that he would pursue the policies of Mr. Roman's Government, while making adjustments "to quiet social content." He said he would propose a new multiparty cabinet to Parliament as soon as possible to run the country until the next elections, which are expected either this fall or next spring.
President Ion Iliescu met with foreign business leaders today in an attempt to reassure international financial institutions that Romania is not wavering in its commitment to either democracy or economic change after the shock of a rampage by angry coal miners last week.
By bringing down the Government, the miners' violent protests had cast a shadow over the country's first painful steps toward a market economy, at a time when Romania seemed on the verge of winning back the confidence of foreign governments and international banking institutions. Fear 'We Will Be Left Alone'
"Everything was going forward before the miners' riot," said Silviu Brucan, a former Government official now in retirement. "The most obnoxious effect will be that the West will turn its back on Romania, and we will be left alone to swim in poverty."
As one of the poorest countries in Europe, with a population of 23 million divided by mutual suspicions, Romania can ill afford to lose foreign help.
Mr. Stolojan, whose last job was head of the national privatization program, defended the hefty price increases that have been the source of widespread discontent, but indicated that wage adjustments might be made in order to offset the painful effects of the economic transition.
"Our only problem," he said, "is to find a mechanism which makes the cost affordable" to the population and "to keep inflation under control."  Leader Delays Taking Office
Mr. Stolojan said today that he would not take office until his Cabinet is approved by Parliament. Until then, Mr. Roman will remain in his job, he said.
One of the first victims of last week's rioting was a $300 million loan from the World Bank, timed to help cushion the shock of a new currency system that was to have taken effect Sept. 28.
A member of the World Bank team here to negotiate the loan was hurt during a melee between the miners and security forces, and now both the loan and the currency reform have been put on hold, said Mugur Isarescu, governor of Romania's Central Bank.
"There is not only a real risk but a high probability that Romania's credit has been damaged dramatically," he said. Also hanging in the balance are loans from European Community and the lifting of tariff barriers by the United States, Mr. Isarescu noted.  Miners' Changing Image
The last time the miners descended on Bucharest in June 1990, they came to the defense of Mr. Iliescu, a survivor of the old Communist Government who was then fresh from victory in Romania's first post-Communist elections. The image of miners going after anti-Government demonstrators with clubs and truncheons shocked the world.
Since then, the political kaleidoscope here has shifted, offering a new and bewildering array of forces. A student leader who had been beaten by the miners during their last rampage stood by their side last week, as together they called for Mr. Roman's downfall.
The National Peasants Party, an opposition party that 15 months ago bore the brunt of the miners' rage, gave the miners' leaders a standing ovation at a party congress this weekend.
As they swarmed through Parliament, the miners themselves shouted "Down with Communism!" as they called for greater job security and higher wages.
"They were shouting anti-Communist slogans, but all their demands were Communist-style demands," said Mr. Isarescu, who noted that the miners attacked privately held shops, one of the few symptoms of Romania's fledgling market system.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Lotti Huber, the subject of Rosa von Praunheim's eccentric documentary film "Affengeil," exudes a remarkable vitality for a woman in her late 70's. A German equivalent of one of Andy Warhol's superstars, she was discovered more than a decade ago by Mr. von Praunheim, a well-regarded experimental film maker who cast her in his movie "Our Corpses Are Still Alive." More recently, she portrayed Anita Berber, a nude dancer who scandalized Weimar Germany, in his film "Anita, Dances of Vice."
A flamboyant figure in large hoop earrings, dramatic makeup and hair worn in huge unkempt shocks, Miss Huber bears a striking resemblance to the transvestite actor Divine. Although she expresses a sunny, live-and-let-live attitude, she is also clearly someone who is used to being in control, and "Affengeil" includes scenes of a fight between the film maker and his subject, in which he accuses her of trying to take over his movie. She, in turn, argues that since it is her life that is being shown, she is entitled to that control.
The quarrel seems almost a staged effort by Mr. von Praunheim to deconstruct the very biography he is filming. Another strategy is to compete with Miss Huber for attention. In several scenes, he is shown pelting his subject with nosy sexual questions while the two of them lie side by side in bed with the film maker posing like a pouty gigolo. In another scene, their roles are reversed, and Miss Huber interviews Mr. von Praunheim's mother about her son's homosexuality.
Between this bickering and role-playing, Miss Huber's life story unfolds jerkily in interviews that use subtitles only part of the time. As Miss Huber tells it, she was born in Kiel in northwestern Germany and fell in love at the age of 16 with the son of the Lord Mayor of her hometown. Because she was Jewish, he was arrested and shot by the Nazis, and she was thrown into a concentration camp, from which she escaped. At 27, according to her account, she moved to Palestine, where she developed a successful career as an exotic dancer.
She later opened and operated a hotel and restaurant in Cyprus, something she says was unheard of for a woman to do in that time and place. When she eventually returned to Berlin, she established a charm school, and she later spent several years demonstrationg products in a department store. In one scene, she is shown teaching belly-dancing to middle-aged women.
Miss Huber is a proud survivor of the Holocaust, and the film, which opened yesterday at the Cinema Village 12th Street in Greenwich Village, touches darkly on the resurgence of Nazism in Germany. It also shows her being saluted from her window by marchers in a gay pride parade.
With its scratchy sound track and bleached-out color, the film is not always easy to follow. It also doesn't clearly indicate Miss Huber's exact place in contemporary German show business. For all its quirks of technique and sensibility, however, the portrait is a deeply affectionate one.  AFFENGEIL
Written, directed and produced by Rosa von Praunheim (in German and English with English subtitles); edited by Mike Shepard; music by Maran Gosov and Thomas Marquard; released by First Run Features. Cinema Village 12th Street, between University Place and Fifth Avenue, Greenwich Village. Running time: 87 minutes. This film is not rated. WITH: Lotti Huber, Rosa von Praunheim, Helga Sloop, Gertrud Mischwitzky, Thomas Woischnig, Hans Peter Schwade and Frank Schafer.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The Muslim militant group that assassinated Anwar el-Sadat after the Egyptian President concluded a peace treaty with Israel denounced the P.L.O.-Israeli agreement today as a betrayal of Palestinians and warned Arab governments that accept it.
In a statement delivered today to The Associated Press, the group said: "We warn the regimes that are kneeling down in front of American might against the repercussions of this blatant sellout of the historic Muslim rights in Palestine. This accord is a betrayal of the hopes of the Palestinian people, a sellout of its legitimate rights, an assertion of the Zionist hegemony and a beginning of a new campaign against Islam and the Muslims."
The Government says the group, the Vanguards of the New Jihad, is a revival of the group called al-Jihad, known for its assassination of President Sadat during a military parade in October 1981. But leaders of the militant group contend that Egyptian authorities made up the new name to conceal the fact that al-Jihad still exists.
Al-Jihad was banned and virtually extinguished by the Egyptian Government after Mr. Sadat's killing. A group of 248 Islamic militants are on trial in Egyptian military courts on charges of re-forming al-Jihad and plotting to overthrow the Government and replace it with a strict Islamic state. They include at least eight Egyptian Army officers and cadets, defense lawyers said.  Warning About Compromise
"We warn the submissive Palestinian forces which followed the path of the traitor Sadat that this slide will sweep away our nation and civilization into an unknown destiny by the hegemony and might of the Zionist and American powers," today's statement said.
At a court hearing today, 55 defendants condemned Mr. Arafat for the P.L.O. agreement with Israel, under which the Palestine Liberation Organization recognized Israel's right to exist and renounced terrorism in exchange for Palestinian self-rule in Gaza Strip and the West Bank town of Jericho.
"No to Gaza and Jericho," the defendants shouted. "Down with Arafat the traitor. The agreement shall not prevail, only the law of God will prevail. Our Jihad will liberate Palestine and Jerusalem."
The Muslim militant group has killed Egyptian Government officials, police officers, members of the Coptic Christian minority and foreign tourists in their drive to undermine the Government.
The authorities have responded with a counter-insurgency campaign that has left dozens of militants dead and hundreds in prison.
The Government began transferring militant cases to military courts late last year to insure quick sentences. Fifteen militants have been sent to the gallows since June, the largest number of people executed for political crimes this century.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>EVEN though the days of fast-rising real estate values have ended and median home sale prices have actually started to fall on Long Island, many working people still have little hope of buying a home on their own.
Local governments and housing advocates regularly lament the slim supply of homes affordable even to people earning as much as 30 percent more than the median income on Long Island.
''We're in such a high-cost region,'' said Jim Morgo, commissioner of economic development and work force housing in Suffolk County. ''The lack of homes that workers can afford has hurt the overall sustainability of the region.''
In a 2005 economic survey by Dowling College in Oakdale, business owners cited this lack as the main obstacle to economic development on Long Island.
One source of relief has been the nearly annual adjustment of state and federal financing programs that help eligible buyers with first home purchases in Nassau or Suffolk County. Each adjustment -- raising the maximum price of a house that would qualify for home-buying funds, or raising the income cap for buyers -- opens the assistance program to more people.
The latest expansion came last month, when the Long Island Housing Partnership announced that the New York State Legislature had approved a $25 million grant marked to help first-time buyers in Nassau and Suffolk. This money will be available to people who earn up to 130 percent of the median income; previously, the income limit was 120 percent of the median. The program now helps with homes priced up to $450,000; that is $60,000 more than the previous maximum.
A buyer can tap into this fund only if his or her employer makes an initial contribution toward the home purchase -- $3,000 to $10,000, depending on the company's size.
The employee can then apply for state matching funds of triple that amount to be used toward a down payment on a house. Having reached this stage, home buyers can also receive up to $20,000 for renovations.
Effective Jan. 1, the new grant money will be available to a single person earning as much as $82,800 annually, a couple earning $94,650 and a family of four earning $118,300.
To get an idea of how the program works and what the assistance amounts to for a young working couple, consider the Keegan family, who were able to buy a home recently under the limits now in effect.
In February, Stephen, 36; Aimee, 29; and their infant son ''just squeaked in'' under the maximum income for a family of three, which was $96,000, Ms. Keegan said. (As of Jan. 1, that will increase to $106,450.)
Ms. Keegan helps children with development disabilities in her work for the nonprofit Association for the Health of Retarded Children. Mr. Keegan is a retail manager for a food contract services firm on Long Island.
The Keegans both grew up in Nassau County, she in Elmont and he in Levittown. But together over the last few years, the best they could afford was a one-bedroom rental in a house in Suffolk County -- first in Bay Shore and later in West Islip -- for $1,000 a month.
''You're paying all that money, $1,000 a month, and it's not even your own,'' Ms. Keegan said. ''We were throwing money out the window.''
While on maternity leave, Ms. Keegan read about a program administered by the Long Island Housing Partnership, a nonprofit housing organization, to help middle-class people into the housing market.
At the time, the maximum home price allowed under the program had been raised above $300,000. ''It allowed us more breathing room,'' Ms. Keegan said. ''It was impossible to find anything on Long Island, not even a shack, for less than that.''
The Keegans found a Cape Cod-style house they liked in Levittown, asking $360,000. They had saved $10,800, including wedding gifts, toward a down payment.
Ms. Keegan's employer gave the Keegans $3,000 to help with the down payment. That donation qualified them for $5,000 more in state funds.
The Keegans then received $14,000 in renovation funds to make alterations that would cut energy costs and correct problems found in an engineer's inspection. These included installing new windows, adding a banister at the bottom of the main staircase and adding a second baseboard heat zone on the second floor.
A contractor, Murtha Construction, was brought in by the housing partnership to do the work. ''They were excellent,'' Ms. Keegan said.
Then came the mortgage. Complying with rules set up by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development and New York State, the partnership counsels those who apply for the funds to ensure that they will qualify for a mortgage with an approved lender.
The Keegans qualified for a 30-year fixed mortgage with a low 5.375 interest rate for first-time home buyers from the State of New York Mortgage Agency. It also paid the Keegans' closing fees, a year of homeowner's insurance and six months of taxes -- all told, Ms. Keegan said, about $13,000. The Keegans must stay in the house at least 10 years or pay back the fees.
As with most good deals, there was a drawback. It took months for the mortgage to be approved and for the state and federal money to arrive.
''The sellers were getting impatient,'' Ms. Keegan said. ''We were very worried and were trying to see what we could do to get it pushed through quicker. That was the downside.''
The state financing program required documentation of income and assets and three years of income tax returns, as did the state mortgage agency.
''What helped us was that I was home, and I was able to do it without having to rush to work,'' Ms. Keegan said. ''But I would tell people not to be intimidated by the paperwork, because in the end you get so much more than you would anywhere else.''
Starting in January, according to Peter Elkowitz, president of the housing partnership, a family could receive anywhere from $50,000 to $92,000 in assistance, mainly depending on their income.
The new $25 million grant will also benefit those who buy in downtown areas, Mr. Elkowitz said. A developer who provides five or more below-market-rate homes in a downtown area can qualify each unit's buyers for $25,000 from the state, up to $1.5 million per development.
The Keegans closed on their Levittown Cape on June 30 and moved in the next day.
Ms. Keegan is still ecstatic about the assistance that she and her husband received to buy their house. ''Until we were in this program,'' she said, ''we were thinking of leaving Long Island.'' Recently married friends of theirs did just that, moving to New Jersey for less expensive housing.
Many young adults cannot afford to buy on Long Island, Ms. Keegan said. ''Without a program like this, you wouldn't be able to do it.''
In the Region | Long Island<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: The first state testing of ground water at the Eastman Kodak Company's industrial park has found chemical and metal contamination, officials said. An analysis by the Department of Environmental Conservation showed that at least 12 chemicals and five heavy metals were present in ground water in and around the site in amounts that exceed state levels.
The first state testing of ground water at the Eastman Kodak Company's industrial park has found chemical and metal contamination, officials said. An analysis by the Department of Environmental Conservation showed that at least 12 chemicals and five heavy metals were present in ground water in and around the site in amounts that exceed state levels. Environmental officials earlier had said ground water at the site was being contaminated. The tests confirmed similar reports by Kodak.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Andy Roddick was stretched out in the air today, dangling from an imaginary clothesline over the worn grass, desperate to reach the one volley that could change the glum mood of the American men.
He took a stab at the ball. As he crashed to the court in a belly flop, he watched as the ball pecked the net tape and plopped into the court for a winner. All at once, he earned his grass stains and pried a roar out of a Wimbledon crowd that had been waving the Union Jack for their pseudo countryman, Greg Rusedski.
Finally, Roddick had produced his first break point of the match in the fifth game of the third set. But he botched the encore. On the next point, Roddick ripped a backhand into the bottom of the net. Temporary elation had given way to lingering disbelief.
As Roddick is learning on his second lap around the Tour, replicating greatness is not a given; confirming an arrival is tricky business. With Rusedski throwing lawn darts for serves, and Roddick without a backhand he could trust, the 11th-seeded Roddick exited in the third round after a troubling 6-4, 6-4, 6-2 loss.
''I have a lot of work to do,'' said Roddick, who had not been beaten in straight sets at a major. ''I don't know if there's just one magical thing that's going to turn it around.''
Until he conjures up an answer, there may be some lag time between the next dominating American and Pete Sampras and Andre Agassi, two fading stars. On an unimaginable draw sheet, the gap between the American past and future is left in the hands of Jeff Morrison, who lost in qualifying but gained entry to the tournament when Tommy Haas withdrew.
If the 98th-ranked unknown out of West Virginia cannot come up with a victory in his third-round match against 18th-seeded Sjeng Schalken on Saturday, the United States will not be represented in the men's Round of 16 at Wimbledon for the first time since the Open Era began in 1968.
''It's surprising, but I don't know how it affects the overall state of American tennis,'' Roddick said. ''I still think that it's pretty good.''
Only as it relates to the American women. They fulfilled their duties today as Serena Williams, Jennifer Capriati, Chanda Rubin and even Laura Granville advanced to the fourth round.
Williams and Capriati were natural picks, with Rubin not a bad guess. But the 134th-ranked Granville, the pride of Stanford, has emerged out of qualifying anonymity, advancing on the wings of her 3-6, 6-4, 6-1 upset of Mary Pierce.
Pierce would have had a chance to serve out the match in the second set if she had converted a break point on Granville's serve. Granville was so irritated at herself for falling into this predicament, she managed to channel that anger into an aggressive approach that overwhelmed Pierce.
''Playing Mary Pierce, it almost didn't feel real,'' said Granville, who entered Wimbledon with an 0-2 Tour record. ''I can't really describe it.''
And yet, Granville is just one of the many remaining players at Wimbledon who require two forms of identification for entry. Few players look familiar at first glance, particularly on the men's side.
This is the land of misfits and castoffs. Two previously vanished stars -- unseeded Mark Philippoussis and Richard Krajicek -- have resurfaced; both won today. The temperamental talent from Belgium, Xavier Malisse, doused fifth-seeded Yevgeny Kafelnikov, leaving the bottom half of the draw without a player in the top 20. And two erratic lefties, Wayne Arthurs and Rusedski, found revenge against the marketed young stars of the new era by advancing.
Arthurs, an Australian, simply had more power than Taylor Dent, the laid-back Californian with the 140-mile-an-hour serve. Unable to break the uncanny serve of Arthurs, Dent could not come up with the critical points in three of the four tie breakers, losing by 7-6 (2), 7-6 (3), 6-7 (4), 7-6 (5).
''That's my first where it's been all tie breakers,'' said Dent, who had 13 aces to Arthurs's 32. ''I think a loss is a loss. If I go out there and lose 0, 0 and 0 or if it's four tie breakers, it's frustrating both ways. But I can walk off the court and say he had to play that good to beat me, and that's a good feeling.''
Roddick did not exit with such positive vibes. A year ago, at age 18, he was the up-and-comer who was gaining on stardom with every entry into a major. This year, he bowed out at the Australian Open with an ankle injury and lost in the first round to Arthurs at the French Open. Today, he was not equipped to handle a very sharp Rusedski, the Canadian-born serve-and-volley player who conveniently switched citizenship.
More than Roddick's inability to return Rusedski's serve, or his trouble finding a rhythm on his backhand passing shots, he failed to put pressure on his opponent by losing his own serve. He chastised himself, contorted his face and kicked the green out of the grass, but nothing seemed to right his slide.
''I was trying to get myself in the match,'' Roddick said. ''I was on the outside looking in.''
He has been in a similar location at different times this year, struggling against some of the same players he put away last year. On his second time around, opponents know him better, but those who have watched him play at close range do not see any reason to panic.
''There's a learning curve,'' said Jim Courier, who has helped guide Roddick as an assistant coach on the Davis Cup team. ''Last year was gravy. He's a marked man for the first time. There is no sense of desperation to win a slam to solidify his place on the Tour. It's a matter of when, not if.''
MATCH POINTS
Eleventh-seeded DANIELA HANTUCHOVA of Slovakia moved on to the fourth round after her 6-4, 6-4 victory against MAJA MATEVZIC of Slovenia. . . . Fame was fleeting for the band of second-round upset kings. GEORGE BASTL, who took out PETE SAMPRAS, lost in straight sets, as did PARADORN SRICHAPHAN, who upset ANDRE AGASSI. After ending MARAT SAFIN's Wimbledon run, OLIVIER ROCHUS was defeated by ARNAUD CLEMENT in straight sets.
TENNIS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A COUPLE of years ago, federal regulators invited reporters to an Ohio test track to see how old and more recent model Toyota 4Runners fared on a new federal rollover test.
The outcome was sort of like those before-and-after pictures on miracle weight loss commercials. The rollover test is a series of sharp swerving maneuvers done at escalating speeds. The 2000 model 4Runner tilted up on two wheels at the lowest speed, 35 miles per hour, halting further tests. A 2003 model 4Runner did considerably better, staying grounded even at 50 miles an hour because it had been redesigned to be more stable and came equipped with electronic stability control, a technology that applies brake pressure to individual wheels to prevent rollovers.
Many other sport utility vehicles have undergone similar transformations, with recent studies showing that automakers have made progress in re-engineering some new S.U.V.'s to be less deadly both for people who ride in them and those in vehicles that get hit by them.
That's promising news for people buying new S.U.V.'s, but what about people stuck with the older, less stable models? The average vehicle stays on the road for 15 years, or 170,000 miles, according to the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, the industry's main lobbying group. That means older model S.U.V.'s are often being handed down to teenagers or, through the used car lot, to other drivers, often with high risk profiles.
''It's a huge concern, because the secondhand and thirdhand vehicles are often driven by people who are lower-income, less-skilled drivers, younger drivers, people who are more likely to get involved in crashes,'' said Joan Claybrook, the president of Public Citizen and a former top auto safety regulator. ''They will do a lot of damage to other people as well. These drivers are more likely to be higher risk takers, more likely to speed, to drink and drive, to not fully inflate their tires and more likely to get involved in crashes.''
Ms. Claybrook and other safety experts say they hope parents will be careful about what cars they hand down to their teenagers. Brian O'Neill, the president of the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety, a research group financed by car insurers, suggested that parents avoid older S.U.V.'s and instead buy sedans, like a used Taurus, Camry or Accord.
''When you're 16 or 17, there's no such thing as a good driver,'' Mr. O'Neill said. ''They're all bad drivers waiting for an accident to happen.''
Many people assume sport utility vehicles are safer than cars because they're bigger. But S.U.V.'s have an Achilles' heel that offsets their weight advantage: designed to ride higher from the ground than cars, they are much more prone to one of the deadliest kinds of accidents, rollovers.
Over all, in the 2003 model year there were 16.42 deaths for every 100,000 registered S.U.V.'s compared with 14.85 deaths for every 100,000 registered passenger cars, according to the latest figures from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
Eron Shosteck, a spokesman for the automobile manufacturers' alliance, said older sport utility vehicles were still safe.
''There's extensive information in every S.U.V. about how they must be driven differently than normal passenger cars,'' he said. ''You can't take turns as quickly and you can't drive them as if you were driving a low-slung sport car. There's information in the owner's manual and there are warnings on the sun visors and there has been plenty of information in the media.''
Last week, the government said that of the 2005 sport utility models, 24 had received four stars out of five in the rollover ratings. Consumer groups say the ratings are too generous because an S.U.V. can tip up during testing and still get four stars, and because recent changes in how scores are tabulated make it easier to get high marks. That said, it is clear new designs and technologies are having an effect. When the agency started the ratings five years ago, only one S.U.V., the Pontiac Aztek, received four stars.
For people in cars hit by S.U.V.'s, the problem is not just bulk. Because they sit higher, the vehicles tend to ram cars at their least sturdy parts, creating deadly mismatches. In 2003, major automakers agreed to work jointly on the problem, and a recent study by the insurance institute said progress was being made.
But older and more dangerous models remain on the road.
''In 25 years, 2 to 5 percent of the vehicles sold today will still be on the road,'' said Dr. Jeffrey Runge, a former emergency room doctor who is the administrator of the traffic safety administration. ''These vehicles that did get one and two stars are still going to be out there for a long time.''
THE NATION<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3*PLM International (AMEX)
Qtr to Dec 31
1991
1990
Revenue
17,344,000
20,678,000
Net inc
2,261,000
b3,234,000
Share earns
.05
-
Shares outst
10,221,000
10,154,000
Yr rev
67,668,000
84,239,000
Net inc
10,103,000
10,871,000
Share earns
.30
.38
Shares outst
10,171,000
10,154,000
b-Net loss<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>KOLBE--Siegfried, died on January 19th of heart disease, in Berlin, age 46. A brilliant architect who worked in New York at Kohn, Pedersen and Fox during the 1980's, this world traveller will be much missed. Memorial January 29th; 011-49-172300-4225 for details.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To celebrate its 20th anniversary, the New Music Consort is presenting three concerts this week. The first, on Monday evening at the Manhattan School of Music, was a percussion spectacular performed by the Pulse Percussion Ensemble, a subsidiary of the Consort. Actually, the Pulse group had its own celebration in mind: it dedicated the concert to Raymond DesRoches, an influential new-music percussionist and teacher who was on hand to receive a plaque and to muse at some length about the happy state of contemporary percussion-playing.
The performance gave a listener no reason to challenge his assessment. Certainly the work that closed the program, Charles Wuorinen's Percussion Quartet (1994), showed that no amount of textural and rhythmic intricacy is beyond the grasp of this ensemble's young players. Mr. Wuorinen's score is interestingly compressed: in any handful of bars there is a great deal of action and variety. The second of the work's two movements presents an attractive, tactile and almost melodic facade beneath which an insistent rhythmic counterpoint drives the work forward.
Mr. Wuorinen's quartet was one of two world premieres on the program. The other was "Hulapalula," a Leroy Jenkins piece for electric violin (played by the composer) and percussion. Mr. Jenkins is a very direct player who does not mess around with vibrato or timbral beauty. Often the violin line had a grating quality, a problem that seemed to magnify the work's paucity of arresting thematic ideas. Vivid percussion writing occasionally broke the tedium, but mostly "Hulapalula" rambled on without making much of a case for itself.
The program offered ample opportunity for solo initiative. William Trigg opened the concert with "Saeta" and "Canaries," two of the eight solo tympani pieces Elliott Carter composed in the late 1940's. One might expect the scoring to be restrictive, but particularly in "Canaries" (which uses a Spanish canarios dance rhythm), Mr. Carter was remarkably inventive.
Frank Cassara gave a virtuosic account of Wen Loong-Hsing's "Phenomena III," a colorful work that has a soloist playing 37 instruments ranging from hammered zithers and Turkish bells to more commonplace snare and bass drums, with occasional accompaniment from three assistants who play cymbals of various sizes.
Mr. Wen's often exotic score was a compact multicultural showcase that drew on sounds and structures from several traditions. The ensemble also presented a purer argument for world music in its vigorous performance of "Atsiagbekor," an African warrior song for which they used an arsenal of drums, bells and shakers from Ghana.
The series continues tonight at the Manhattan School (Broadway at 122d Street, Morningside Heights) with a program of recent works by Joan Tower, Jennifer Higdon, Kathryn Alexander and Anne LeBaron. It ends on Friday evening at Christ and St. Stephen's Church (122 West 69th Street, Manhattan) with works for strings by Iannis Xenakis, Salvatore Sciarrino, Belinda Reynolds, Elliott Carter and Steve Reich.  MUSIC REVIEW<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>MEYER-Harry. Little Neck Jewish Center mourns the death of its esteemed Past President Harry Meyer and extends condolences to his beloved wife, Shirley, and family.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Our Government is so rich -- and expects to be richer -- that Congress and the Administration are contemplating cutting taxes, paying down the national debt and expanding Medicare, all at the same time (Op-Ed, July 7). The only argument seems to be about what comes first and how to divide the money.
Instead of using the surplus to cut taxes and pay down the debt, why not use it to buy land and set up a national land trust and reserve, like the petroleum reserve? What better investment is there than open land, especially on both coasts and around big cities, where most of the surplus was generated in the first place?
Presumably, we can always make money, but we can never make more land, nor can landscapes, once divided and paved over, be restored.  FRITZ MUELLER  New York, July 7, 1999<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A Coast Guard helicopter rescued six crewmen yesterday from Double Bullet II, a 76-foot catamaran that capsized in rough seas while competing in the Transpacific Yacht Race. One sailor was treated for hypothermia at a San Diego hospital and released.
The sailboat encountered 8-to-10-foot seas about 188 miles out of Los Angeles at the time of the mishap. As the only multihull in the race, Double Bullet II set off by itself as the final entry last Tuesday. The other 32 sailboats competing, all monohulls, left Los Angeles in staggered starts that began June 29. The 2,225-mile trans-Pacific voyage finishes in Hawaii.
Double Bullet II's skipper, Bob Hanel of San Pedro, Calif., used his yacht's emergency satellite beacon to signal for help. The Coast Guard sent out a C-130 plane, which spotted the overturned yacht, followed by a Jayhawk helicopter. The chopper arrived at the scene 90 minutes after the crew's distress call, said Rich Roberts, a race spokesman.
The rest of the fleet is about halfway to Hawaii. Among the leaders yesterday was the 75-foot maxi-sled Zephyrus, which was nine miles ahead of its closest rival, Pyewacket.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>In what is believed to be the largest verdict in a housing bias case, a Federal jury here has returned a $2.4 million judgment against a company found to have discriminated against families with children by excluding them from its apartments.
Lawyers for the plaintiffs predict that the size of the verdict, one of the first under a Federal housing law enacted four years ago, will prompt lawsuits nationwide against property owners and managers believed to be discriminating against families with children.
The main plaintiff here, Carrie J. Timus, a 36-year-old secretary at the Labor Department, has a 7-year-old son and a 3-year-old daughter. She said the defendant, William J. Davis Inc., a large property management company in Washington, told her in November 1990 that it would not rent to her because she had children.
Ms. Timus had been trying to rent a one-bedroom apartment in a four-story red-brick building in a lower-middle-class section of Mount Rainier, Md., outside Washington. The monthly rent was $395.
In an interview today Ms. Timus quoted the resident manager as telling her: "This is an all-adult building. No children allowed."
An eight-member jury returned the verdict Tuesday to William B. Bryant, a senior judge of the Federal District Court.  Bias Banned in 1988
The basis of the verdict was a Federal law, adopted in 1988, that prohibits housing discrimination on the basis of "familial status," a term defined by the law as having children under 18 years old. The law provides an exemption that permits housing for the elderly, "intended for and solely occupied by persons 62 years of age or older."
The 1988 law was an amendment to the Fair Housing Act of 1968, which as originally passed prohibited discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion and national origin. The act was first amended in 1974, to forbid discrimination on the basis of sex.
Congress passed the 1988 law after testimony suggesting that families with children were often victims of housing discrimination. Property owners and managers said children were noisy, unruly and likely to cause damage.
In many parts of the country, demand for apartments far exceeds the supply, and many property owners found that they could fill their apartments even while excluding or limiting families with children. Plaintiff Felt Degraded
Ms. Timus said today that she felt degraded when she was told, in effect, "You can live here, but your children can't."
"When you're welcome, your children should be," Ms. Timus said. "They're part of you. We are one. We're a family. We belong together."
The William J. Davis company and its lawyers refused to comment on the verdict today. As part of their defense at the trial, company executives said they were aware of the 1988 law and that there were some children in apartments at the Mount Rainier building, as well as in other buildings managed by the company.
The company said the resident manager at the Mount Rainier building was not authorized to exclude families with children. But her supervisor was quoted in company documents as requesting that no children be allowed in certain buildings, and the jury apparently concluded that the company had condoned this type of discrimination. 'As Bad as Race Discrimination'
In addition, records that the plaintiffs offered as evidence at the trial bore notes recording the preferences of the property owners and Davis company executives. One form carried this comment: "Owner said no children." Another form bore the notation "Mr. Gibson (owner) don't want any children." The company's president, Anthony Bruno, testified that he did not take such comments into account in deciding who would get apartments.
The company has not said whether it intends to appeal. After large jury verdicts, defendants often ask the court to reduce or set aside the judgment.
Ms. Timus's lawyer, John P. Relman of the Washington Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, said the verdict suggested that "discrimination against families with children is every bit as bad, as pernicious, as race discrimination."
The $2.4 million judgment is believed to be the largest jury verdict in a fair housing case and is one of the first in any case involving discrimination against families with children. The verdict includes $2 million in punitive damages, to be divided equally between Ms. Timus and the other plaintiff, the Fair Housing Council of Greater Washington, a nonprofit group that seeks to eliminate housing discrimination and segregation.
Susan Weiss, executive director of the council, said that by making telephone inquiries in 1990, the organization confirmed that the Davis company had a policy against families with children at the Mount Rainier building. The inquiries were made by a "tester," a council employee who posed as someone looking for an apartment.
Despite the 1988 law, Mr. Relman said, discrimination against families with children was "still rampant." But he predicted: "This verdict will make an enormous difference. It will be viewed as a watershed."
Cathy Cloud, director of enforcement programs at the National Fair Housing Alliance, said a study of the Chicago area issued in 1991 found that families with children were still experiencing discrimination. The Children's Defense Fund estimates that one out of five families both has children and lives in rental housing.
James B. Morales, a lawyer at the National Center for Youth Law, in San Francisco, said discrimination against families with children affected all income classes. But, he said, "African-American, Hispanic and other racial and ethnic minority families are disproportionately affected because they are more likely to have children in the household." Ms. Timus is black.
Mr. Relman said there had been no more than a dozen cases in which families with children obtained money as a result of a jury verdict or the settlement of a lawsuit filed under the 1988 law. The amounts were all less than $70,000, he said.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Senator Bob Dole of Kansas, the Republican leader, said today that the Administration had told him that the White House budget director, Richard G. Darman, would present a negotiating proposal when budget talks resume Wednesday. Mr. Dole said he had not seen the proposal, but described it as ''enough to satisfy the Democrats' request.
Senator Bob Dole of Kansas, the Republican leader, said today that the Administration had told him that the White House budget director, Richard G. Darman, would present a negotiating proposal when budget talks resume Wednesday. Mr. Dole said he had not seen the proposal, but described it as ''enough to satisfy the Democrats' request.''
According to officials close to the negotiations, Mr. Darman will propose a $20 billion cut in domestic programs, with $17 billion of that coming from a variety of popular programs like Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, veterans benefits and farm subsidies. The officials said the Darman plan would seek a reduction of only $3 billion to $6 billion in military spending, far less than Democrats want. They also said it would have no tax increases beyond those proposed in President Bush's January budget.
The budget that Mr. Bush presented included about $36 billion in measures intended to cut the deficit, including $13.9 billion in revenue increases and $5.6 billion in user fees.
Democrats Want Deeper Cuts
Democrats have insisted that the Administration be the first to come forward with suggestions to reduce the deficit because it was President Bush who initiated the budget talks five weeks ago. Representative Leon Panetta, the California Democrat who is chairman of the House Budget Committee, said today that Democrats would not consider any Republican proposal credible unless it showed deficit cuts in the range of $50 billion to $60 billion.
Negotiators are scheduled to begin their Wednesday session with an update on the economy.
Despite the lack of an accord, the House began appropriating money for the next fiscal year over the protests ofg Republicans.
Its began by raising by $350 million what President Bush would spend on cleaning up the nation's atomic weapons complex next year and launching 25 new water projects opposed by the Administration.
The House by a vote of 355 to 59 approved a $20.8 billion energy and water spending bill that is $575 million more what President Bush requested in his budget for the fiscal year beginning Oct. 1.
The bill also increases by some $400 million what President Bush wanted to spend on 637 water projects. But it also grants his request for $318 million to begin construction of an $8 billion atom smasher in Texas.
Amendments calling for across-the-board cuts of 10.5 percent, 5 percent or 2 percent were overwhelmingly defeated.
As passed, the bill would provide the Army Corps of Engineers $3.6 billion, nearly half a billion dollars more than it received last year, for its 550 water projects. The 87 water projects run by the Interior Department's Bureau of Reclamation would get $957 million, nearly $7 million less than this year but still $42 million above what President Bush sought.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A picture caption on July 21 with an article about the dispute over grazing rights on public land in the West misidentified the mountain range shown and the vantage point. The scene included the Lost River Range northeast of Sun Valley, Idaho, but not the White Cloud Mountains. The picture was taken from public land, not the private ranch of William Hewlett and David Packard.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The sexist premise of your article -- that there is a distinction between "illegal harassment" and "an awkward and boorish pass" -- is precisely the type of faulty reasoning that permits longtime harassers like Senator Packwood to prey on women. STEVEN S. BERIZZI Riverside, Conn.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Former President Chun Doo Hwan apologized to the nation this morning for abuses during his eight years in power and said he stood ready to face punishment.
Former President Chun Doo Hwan apologized to the nation this morning for abuses during his eight years in power and said he stood ready to face punishment.
''It is more than unbearable for me to face you and make this confession of my shameful deeds, and I deeply apologize,'' Mr. Chun said in a half-hour televised address, which he concluded with a bow to his countrymen.
He said he would return what he described as his entire wealth and leave his home in Seoul, fulfilling conditions the Government has suggested as a possible means to avoid prosecution for corruption and human-rights abuses.
At the end of the address, he was shown leaving his downtown hillside home with his wife, Lee Soon Ja, climbing into a car and driving away.
The 56-year-old Mr. Chun's apology and departure were seen as the final break between his regime and that of his successor, President Roh Tae Woo.
Mr. Roh has said he would consider granting clemency to his longtime comrade and mentor.
The leading opposition party called the apology significant, but said Mr. Roh should be called before the legislature as part of an investigation into his abuses.
As soon as the apology was completed, the Government television station returned to long-running parliamentary hearings into Mr. Chun's regime that have contributed to increasing public anger.
It is generally accepted here that public opinion must be the final arbiter as to whether Mr. Chun's apology is sincere and comprehensive enough to save him from prosecution.
''What has made many people unhappy is not only Chun's actions, but his defiance, his failure to repent,'' said a leading commentator, who requested anonymity. ''It is not sincerity they are looking for, but humiliation. They want him to look miserable.'' Chun's Weight Down
Mr. Chun, standing at a lectern in his home, appeared to have lost weight during his months in embattled seclusion.
''I acknowledge that I deserve to be punished if there is anything that needs to be punished, and I will await your judgment,'' Mr. Chun told his television audience.
Speaking in a quiet monotone, he said, ''The scar will be forever with me in my heart for the people who have suffered, and for this I feel more regret than I can express.''
He apologized for the corruption that marked his regime, and took responsibility for the brutal Government suppression of a revolt in Kwangju in 1980 in which hundreds of civilians were killed. 'To Every Victim, One by One'
Referring to the range of his government's abuses, he said, ''I take this opportunity to apologize to every victim, one by one.''
Mr. Chun, who is 56 years old, appeared to give only a partial accounting of his personal wealth.
He said he was returning certain Government funds to the state. However, , echoing an immediate reaction of many in his audience, the main oppositon party called his financial disclosures ''not credible.''
Mr. Chun denied widespread reports that he has large holdings overseas. Fate Rests With Middle Class
Radical students and some opposition groups are expected to reject the apology and insist on retribution.
But the mainstream opposition that controls the National Assembly has signaled that, like Mr. Roh, it hopes to avoid the instability that trial or imprisonment of the former President might bring.
The key to Mr. Chun's fate is seen to be the middle class in this economically thriving nation.
It was the decision by the middle class last year to join student protesters that turned the tide against the Chun Government and led to the first free presidential elections in 16 years.
Another key sector is the armed forces, in which many officers who held power in Mr. Chun's military regime remain loyal to the former general.
Although most commentators appeared to discount the possibility of a military disturbance or coup, there are some who warn that military sensibilities must be carefully addressed.
Some were disturbed by reports that Mr. Chun might move to a residence outside Seoul close to a military camp where he could maintain his ties to the armed forces.
The televised parliamentary hearings have focused on accusations that he extorted more than $80 million from leading businessmen and that he engineered the brutal suppression of a popular uprising in 1980 as a pretext to seize full military power.
As many as 11 of Mr. Chun's relatives and those of his wife, who is also accused of corruption, have already been arrested.
Student protesters, some of whom have attempted symbolically to storm Mr. Chun's heavily guarded residence, have recently modified their chants, from ''Prosecute Chun'' to ''Execute Chun.''
They have also called for the ouster of Mr. Roh, whose career has been closely associated with Mr. Chun and who assumed the presidency last February as his chosen successor after winning a democratic election against a divided opposition.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>You generally don't go to jazz clubs to hear breadth of style. Usually what you get is a narrowly focused view of a bandleader's direction, a chunk of a discourse. Dave Douglas's new quintet, at the Village Vanguard this week, breaks that mold. The music leaps around freely between jazz idioms and draws energy from them, so much that the music kept threatening to explode.
Mr. Douglas, a trumpeter, has kept many bands running through the last decade, and each has a different identity with different instrumentation and influences. That he works on so many fronts prompts you to keep returning to see him, but sometimes the control he exerts as a composer and arranger is confining. In an early set on Thursday, his new quintet  seemed both the most accessible of his bands for those with a rough understanding of the plot of jazz history and -- surprise -- the freest.
A majority of the set suggested the sort of tunes Wayne Shorter wrote for the Miles Davis Quintet around 1967, after Herbie Hancock had switched to Fender Rhodes keyboard but before Davis went whole-hog electric. It was instrument-specific. Mr. Douglas's band had a Fender Rhodes onstage too (a rare sight these days at the Vanguard), played by Uri Caine.
This was gorgeous music, full of wariness and indeterminate emotion. Its cropped, enigmatic themes fanned out into Clarence Penn's broken-rhythm drumming, James Genus's repetitive, pulsating bass notes and dynamics that acted according to the will of the group. Certain musicians seemed to be transcending their normal roles. Mr. Caine did not play his Rhodes like a piano but with chiming spareness. Mr. Penn and the saxophonist Chris Potter were flowing in music whose mood often seemed to call for fragility.
But planted in the middle of the set was Mr. Douglas's ''Padded Cell,'' a stylized post-Ornette Coleman tune with a theme that whipped back and forth between sputtering and melancholy. Each musician had an unaccompanied solo, ranging from farcical -- Mr. Caine's was a dissonance-packed version of stride-piano -- to coolly abstract (Mr. Penn's). Mr. Douglas offered a catalog of sound effects: growls, clicks and buzzes. This was not just experimentation, but an idiom, too, and Mr. Douglas played it for all it was worth.
His crackling virtuosity is usually the first thing you notice. Of his many different groups this may be the band in which power spreads out most evenly. The engagement runs through tomorrow at the Vanguard, 178 Seventh Avenue South, at 11th Street, in the West Village.
JAZZ REVIEW<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>An entry in the Addenda listing on the Media Business page on Friday, about the appointment of Donna-Ann Hayden as president of Arnold Public Relations, misidentified the city where she previously worked for Bozell Public Relations.  It was New York, not Boston.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: To the Editor:
To the Editor:
Two slight emendations to Daniel Pipes's otherwise excellent article about the resurgence of Turkish nationalism (Op-Ed, Feb. 13). Mr. Pipes writes that ''for many centuries Turks were superior soldiers,'' who ruled numerous countries and that ''this tradition of power translates today into resentment against them.'' That tidy summary does little to illuminate why such intense resentment still festers.
Historically, Turks have brutalized Christians and other subject minorities - be they Armenians, Assyrians, Greeks, Kurds or Nestorians.
Leslie A. Davis, a United States consul who was stationed in a remote area of Turkey between 1915 and 1917, filed a report with the State Department in which he described his horror at finding thousands of corpses of Armenians scattered around a lake. The Armenians, he wrote, had been pushed off cliffs, had their heads crushed with a large stone or died as a result of gaping bayonet wounds ''usually in the abdomen or chest, sometimes in the throat.'' Such actions are not the mark of superior soldiering.
Mr. Pipes also states that in Nagorno-Karabakh today, Turks are exploiting glasnost to ''wreak revenge on traditional foes.'' What are they wreaking revenge for?
It was Armenians - more than 1 million - who were murdered or driven from their homes at the hands of the Ottoman Turks. It is Armenians from whom Stalin confiscated the land now called Nagorno-Karabakh and attached it to Azerbaijan. It is Armenians who, though constituting 80 percent of that region's population, have been deprived of Armenian-language newspapers, schools and other means of preserving their culture. It is Armenians who tremble as angry mobs screaming, ''Down with the Armenians!'' dash through the streets of Baku and, more recently, Dushanbe, Tadzhikistan, hunting for hapless Armenians to kill or cast out of their homes.
LAURA AKGULIAN
Washington, Feb. 13, 1990<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>EISLER-Lucy. On April 18, 2002. In loving memory of our beloved mother and grandmother. Forever in our hearts.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>In the latest sign yet that the Federal whistle-blowing law is climbing higher up the corporate ladder, a former chief financial officer of the United Technologies Corporation has been awarded $22.5 million for exposing fraudulent billing practices for helicopters bought by the Defense Department in the 1980's.
Douglas D. Keeth, a former corporate vice president for finance at United Technologies, which is based in Hartford, had participated in an internal investigation of the wrongdoing when the company first learned that its Sikorsky Aircraft division was billing the Pentagon for work it had not yet performed.
However, in a complaint he filed in Federal court, Mr. Keeth charged that United Technologies officials, whom he did not name, attempted to cover up the extend of unjustified billings by its Sikorsky subsidiary and allowed them to continue.
United Technologies denied any cover-up but it agreed Wednesday to pay the Government $150 million for accounting irregularities, of which Mr. Keeth will get 15 percent. Robert F. Daniell, who has been chief executive of the company since 1986, had previously served as president of the Sikorsky Aircraft operation during part of the time that the irregularities were said to have taken place.
Mr. Keeth, 46, is the highest-ranking corporate official to disclose wrongdoing to the Government, according to John Phillips, a lawyer in Washington, who specializes in whistle-blower cases. According to Mr. Phillips, United Technologies' settlement brings to $738 million the amount the Government has recovered under the program since the legislation was updated in 1986.
"The numbers are going up," he said, as cases arising from the military buildup of the 1980's reach settlement. "The recoveries this year will probably be near $500 million."
Mr. Keeth could not be reached yesterday.
United Technologies issued a statement saying that it had voluntarily disclosed the initial problems at Sikorsky, which mainly involved billing the Government for work that it had not yet done. It noted that the company never received more money for the helicopters than the agreed-upon price.
But a statement issued by the Justice Department said that "the inflated progress payments constituted interest-free loans from the Government and resulted in additional debt service costs to the Government."
According to both the Government and the company, Mr. Keeth was a member of a team sent to investigate billing practices at Sikorsky, after the division admitted problems and refunded $75 million to the Government in April 1988. Mr. Keeth said in a complaint filed in court that the group uncovered "other methods fraudulently inflating progress billings, going back at least as far as 1982."
But when he reported these findings to corporate headquarters in March 1989, Mr. Keeth said in the complaint, the unnamed managers first ordered that all copies of the report be destroyed. Evidently that did not happen, because, Mr. Keeth said, on April 10, 1989, all copies were ordered to be turned over to the company's lawyers.
It was shortly afterward, in May, that he filed the whistle-blower suit in Federal court in Bridgeport, Conn.
Martin Moore, a United Technologies spokesman, said the alleged March order to destroy the reports was not true. The order to turn them over to the lawyers a few weeks later was true, he said, adding that "they turned them over to the Government."
Mr. Moore said the company did not concede the cover-up charges in its settlement with the Government. "We settled on accounting issues," he said.
Nevertheless, the Justice Department announcement of the settlement prominently referred to Mr. Keeth's allegations of information suppression.
The $150 million settlement apparently represents a compromise between the Justice Department and the company. In its 1992 annual report, United Technologies said the Justice Department was holding out for $370 million. It also noted that employees of the company had been subpoenaed to appear before a Federal grand jury.
In its statement Wednesday, the company said Federal officials had decided not to level any criminal charges in connection with the overbilling. It also said that investigators from the Army had participated in the case and decided not to bar the company from future contracts or impose any other penalty.
Mr. Moore said Mr. Keeth had been kept on the company's payroll until the announcement of the settlement, but company officials said he had no meaningful responsibilities or duties once it leaked out he had filed the suit.
Mr. Moore attempted to diminish Mr. Keeth's standing in the company. He said Mr. Keeth was vice president of finance for the Essex Group, a subsidiary that was sold during the 1980's. "When he came back here, they just never changed the title," he said.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Billy Martin, who died in a Christmas night automobile accident in front of his home, has left an estate that legal papers say is worth less than $100,000.
Billy Martin, who died in a Christmas night automobile accident in front of his home, has left an estate that legal papers say is worth less than $100,000.
Records filed with the Broome County Surrogate's Court show that Martin's will was filed this month and names his wife, Jilluann, as both his heir and executrix. The will, drawn up Feb. 11, 1988, in Danville, Calif., says Martin's assets are to be entrusted to the Martin Living Trust. The trust's documents were not included with the will.
Documents do not catalog Martin's assets, but merely declare they are worth between $50,000 and $100,000.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Dr. Louise Michelle Klebanoff, a daughter of Gail G. Klebanoff of Verona, N.J., and the late Michael Klebanoff, was married last evening to Peter Norman Fleischman, the son of Harry Fleischman of Wantagh, L.I., and the late Natalie Fleischman. Rabbi Charles Lippman officiated at the Puck Building in New York.
Dr. Klebanoff, 35, is keeping her name. She is a neurologist at Beth Israel Medical Center in New York. She graduated cum laude from the University of Pennsylvania and received a medical degree from Georgetown University. Her father was a real estate investor in West Orange, N.J.
Mr. Fleischman, 45, is a lawyer in the office of the general counsel to the Hearst Corporation, the media company in New York. He graduated from Adelphi University and from Brooklyn Law School. His previous marriage ended in divorce.
The bridegroom's father, now retired, was the director of labor and race relations at the American Jewish Committee in New York. He had also been a national secretary of the Socialist Party and the campaign manager in 1944 and 1948 for Norman Thomas, the Socialist Presidential candidate.  WEDDINGS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>They met on the Internet: He was a 30-year-old computer whiz studying molecular biology at Columbia University. She was a young college student with an interest in literature. And for weeks, they chatted in cyberspace, comparing their favorite books, movies and the latest articles in the student newspaper.
Thus began a computer friendship between two strangers that ultimately ended in what the police said was the sexual abuse and torture of the young woman and last week's arrest of the man, Oliver Jovanovic. Investigators who described the relationship yesterday said it evolved as many do these days: on line.
And experts on computer crime described Mr. Jovanovic, who is accused of assaulting the young woman during their first face-to-face meeting two weeks ago, as an example of the growing number of criminals roving the Internet in hopes of gaining the trust of unsuspecting victims.
''She thought he was pretty nice,'' said a friend of the young woman who insisted on anonymity. ''She thought he would be a friend.''
But Mr. Jovanovic, investigators said, bound the young woman with strips of cloth, gagged her with tape and sexually abused and tormented her for 20 hours. He burned her with wax, showed her pictures of corpses and threatened to cut her to pieces.
And even after she escaped, an investigator said, he continued to taunt her with E-mail messages.
While Mr. Jovanovic has no criminal record, a law enforcement official, who requested anonymity, said that the severity of the crime leads investigators to believe there may be other victims. ''The readiness with which he approached this, and the severity of it, the ties, the binds, the gags, leads us to believe that this is not the first time.'' But the official acknowledged that they had no evidence of additional crimes and urged anyone with information related to this case or others to come forward.
Last Thursday's arrest, which stunned students and professors at Columbia, was all the more shocking because Mr. Jovanovic, who denies the allegations, is the son of prominent Yugoslavian emigres and a doctoral student. He had developed a computer program to analyze complex proteins and nucleic acids, according to Vincent Racaniello, the director of the university's graduate program in microbiology.
But for the young woman, the exchange of E-mail messages that made her feel comfortable enough to meet Mr. Jovanovic for dinner on Nov. 22 and accompany him to his apartment to watch videos.
''People who are normally wary about meeting strangers on the street develop this confused sense of intimacy about people they meet on the Web,'' said Gail Thackeray, a deputy county attorney in Phoenix who has been prosecuting and tracking computer crimes for 10 years.
''It's dangerous because you can't see the body language,'' she said. ''Somehow people develop trust over computers and often they're dead wrong.''
In October, a computer analyst in North Carolina was charged with strangling a woman he had met in an electronic chat room. And investigators say that pedophiles have assaulted young boys they first contacted on the Internet.
Mr. Jovanovic and the woman, who first met on the America Online service in late October, had dinner at 8 P.M. near the university. They had planned to see a movie in midtown Manhattan, but they missed it and decided to go to his apartment instead. There, the young woman told the police, the couple watched a violent video involving puppets.
When she decided she was ready to leave, he told her, ''You're not going anywhere,'' a law enforcement official said. Twenty hours later, Mr. Jovanovic decided to untie the woman and teach her karate, according to an account given by the victim's friend and confirmed by an investigator. The friend said he told the woman that she should know how to defend herself against attackers. The woman managed to escape at that point, the friend said.
Inside Mr. Jovanovic's second-floor studio apartment in Washington Heights, the police later seized what they described as the baton used to sexually abuse the young woman, the strips of cloth used to bind her and the tape used to gag her.
Yesterday Mr. Jovanovic's parents vehemently denied the accusations against their son, who was jailed in lieu of $350,000 bail. His mother, Sabina, is a violinist with the New York City Ballet. His father, Svetozar, is a nationally renowned chess coach at the elite Dalton School. Together they were looking forward to the day, later this month, when their son would defend his doctoral dissertation.
''We are shocked, everyone is shocked,'' said Mrs. Jovanovic in an interview. ''He is a wonderful person. He denies everything and he has our full support.''
Dr. Racaniello echoed the family's sense of bewilderment. ''He's been sort of a pioneer here,'' he said, referring to Mr. Jovanovic's computer work. ''He was the most mild mannered and sweet guy.''
Mr. Jovanovic spent late hours working in his office on the 15th floor of the microbiology center, a classmate said. He knew so much about computers that his colleagues and professors went to him for help whenever they had trouble.
''If I ever had a question on any computer thing I would ask him,'' said the classmate, Ming-Hui Chi, a 33-year-old microbiology student who conducted experiments in the laboratory alongside Mr. Jovanovic. ''I never thought he would harass someone like that.''
Mr. Jovanovic had planned to finish his degree and start a software company with his brother on the West Coast to market the innovative programs he had developed at Columbia, Dr. Racaniello said. ''I don't know what will happen now,'' he said.
Alan Kaufman, the lawyer who is representing the graduate student, said that his client and his family had been traumatized by the accusations.
''These people are living a nightmare,'' Mr. Kaufman said. ''And somehow we've got to get to the bottom of it.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>An elderly couple was critically injured in a fire that broke out in a Upper West Side apartment last night, fire officials said. The fire at 277 West End Avenue, which is between 72nd and 73rd Streets, started in a large fourth-floor apartment about 11:45 p.m., said Chief John Donnelly. The man, who is 84, was taken to New York Weill Cornell Center in cardiac arrest, Chief Donnelly said. The woman, who is 80 and believed to be the man's wife, was in critical condition at the hospital with smoke inhalation, a hospital administrator said. The fire was put out at 12:14 and was not believed to be suspicious.
Vicki Vila (NYT)<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
I would like to set the record straight on a number of claims in "Holes in the Fish Safety Net" (editorial, Oct. 17).
You claim that data from the Centers for Disease Control suggest that fish is 25 times more likely to cause illness than beef, 16 times more likely than pork or poultry. You cite an estimate that one in 250 people who eat raw shellfish will become sick. These risks you attribute largely to "inadequate inspection." You have been severely misled.
Last spring, William Roper, director of the Centers for Disease Control, publicly addressed the question of whether or not data on food-borne illnesses reported to the C.D.C. indicate that seafood is riskier than beef, poultry or any other specific food. In a letter to Congress, Dr. Roper stated that C.D.C.'s data alone "cannot be used to determine if eating seafood is more or less dangerous than eating other foods," such as poultry and beef.
Instead, Dr. Roper said, a formal risk assessment, like one performed by the Food and Drug Administration for seafood and poultry, was needed for such comparisons. That risk assessment, which C.D.C. supports, indicates that, overall, seafood is safer than poultry per serving.
The F.D.A.'s risk assessment also showed that raw shellfish is much riskier than the same shellfish when cooked, which applies to all other forms of seafood and poultry as well. Fortunately, raw shellfish makes up only a tiny fraction of seafood consumed in the United States.
Your reference to an estimated rate of illness of one in 250 for raw shellfish comes from the F.D.A.'s risk assessment. That assessment also indicates that the risk of illness from seafood minus raw shellfish is one illness in five million servings and that the risk from chicken is one illness in 25,000 servings. The risk from seafood overall is one illness in 250,000 servings.
An inspection program for seafood comparable to that for poultry or beef would be inappropriate because seafood is quite different from poultry and beef.
A comparable inspection program would be irrelevant for raw shellfish because the protection system would involve monitoring growing waters and closing them to harvest when necessary, as well as conducting state of the art research into better ways to detect water-borne pathogens and naturally occurring toxins. The F.D.A. is heavily involved in both endeavors.
Whether or not the mandatory seafood inspection system operated by the Food and Drug Administration  needs to be bolstered or even substantially altered is a legitimate question. That debate is jeopardized when newspapers such as yours fall victim to a campaign of misinformation based on discredited uses of the data. JAMES S. BENSON Acting Commissioner of Food and Drugs Washington, Oct. 18, 1990<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A picture caption in some copies on Sunday with an article about the unveiling of a statue of Abraham Lincoln and his son in Richmond, Va., misstated the son's name. He was Tad, not Tab.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>PINCUS-Samuel. Husband of the 5 late Mary. Father of Fay Siegel and Raymond Pincus. Brother of Murray and Jackie Pincus and Lillian Dwoskin. Survived by five grandchildren and seven great grandchildren.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>WINTER is a trying season for minimalists. The glut of gear required for cold-weather exercise can be a headache to manage. Hats and mittens are easily lost, as are iPods and ski goggles.
To solve such problems, some innovative hi-tech wear now comes with built-in mittens, ear warmers, face masks and other perks. Many apparel makers now include waterproof storage pockets to protect a winter exerciser's MP3 player or iPod from snow and slush. These user-friendly jackets, tops and accessories will streamline dressing for the outdoors.
STEFANI JACKENTHAL
BONFIRE SNOWBOARDING SPECTRAL JACKET $169.95, www.bonfiresnow.com. This snowboarding jacket, made with a weather-resistant shell and wind-blocking fleece lining, comes fully loaded with ear warmers built into the hood and fabric strips that attach to goggles to anchor the hood in place. An internal waterproof pocket protects your iPod or cellphone from the elements.
BROOKS VAPOR-DRY2 HOODED $70, www.brooksrunning.com. This soft half-zip hoodie made from moisture-wicking spandex blend (a warm base layer) has handy wrist cuffs that can be rolled down into makeshift mitts mid-run. They aren't extremely warm, but they will do for a short time.
TRAILHEADS BE SEEN VENTILATOR $25, www.trailheads.com. A pull of the cord transforms this moisture-wicking fleece neck warmer into a hat. The reflective trim makes you visible on early morning or evening jaunts.
LOKI MYTH SOFT SHELL $249.99, www.lokiusa.com. This hooded, full-zip jacket made from wind- and waterproof material has integrated mittens that pull down over the wrist cuffs. A cozy face shield sewn into the helmet-friendly hood can also be used as a neck warmer when not in use (left and middle). The jacket's fleece-lined interior has a chest pocket with a hole for threading headphone wire.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: To the Editor:
To the Editor:
Your report that David Duke, former Ku Klux Klan leader, plans to run for the Senate in Louisiana (news article, Dec. 8) refers to former Gov. Huey Long as one of ''Louisiana's most successful politicians.''
I would question the term ''successful'' in referring to the Kingfish. But in fairness, Huey Long was not a racist. As Governor, he abolished the poll tax. He was the only Southern governor of those times who treated blacks as equals. When the head of the Klan threatened to come into the state, Long told reporters he would never let him set foot in Louisiana.
Unfortunately, Huey Long was corrupted by power, and that was his undoing. CARL RAPOPORT  Lake Worth, Fla., Dec. 8, 1989<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>After eight years, four architects and an uncounted number of revisions, plans for a new office building at 250 Water Street, in the South Street Seaport Historic District, were approved yesterday by the Landmarks Preservation Commission.
The panel unanimously favored a 10-story structure, with an 11th-floor mechanical penthouse, on a block between Beekman Street and Peck Slip that is now occupied by a parking lot.
"I'm glad to have this part of the process behind us," said Laurie Beckelman, the chairwoman of the landmarks commission.
The project would be built by Milstein Properties and designed by Platt & Byard Architects, both of Manhattan.
Paul and Seymour Milstein, the developers, first proposed a 28-story office building in 1983. The commission rejected it as out of scale with the low-rise historic district.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3*Jetronic Industries (AMEX)
Qtr to Oct 31
1992
1991
Sales
7,442,000
7,586,000
Net inc
120,000
b201,000
Share earns
.05
-
9mo sales
19,685,000
22,019,000
Net loss
81,000
436,000
b-Net loss<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Enter the twilight zone of a winter solstice scene, a temporary renovation barrier in the lobby of a Central Park South hotel. This year's real solstice occurs on Thursday, at 7:22 p.m. Eastern time.  LENS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>At the sound of the tone: Call me, Ishmael.
With little fanfare, voice mail has spread throughout American business, if not literature. More and more people encounter voice mail, a kind of answering machine on steroids, whenever they call a travel agency, a bank, a car dealership or, especially, a co-worker down the hall. Market research indicates that 70 percent of a typical company's phone traffic is internal. Thus, the thick handbooks of voice-mail instructions are mostly designed to send a message to Harry down the hall.
It seems hard to believe that like answering machines, voice mail barely existed a decade ago.
What led to voice mail's ubiquity was less a revolution in telephone technology (the handset has changed little in basic principles since Alexander Graham Bell) than a drop in the cost of computing power and clever devices that convert voice into numbers. As recently as 1987, only 7,000 voice systems were sold.
After this slow start, the voice-messaging business is growing quickly, with more than 38,000 systems expected to be sold this year. The North American Telecommunications Association, a trade group, estimates that sales of voice-messaging systems will exceed $1 billion by 1994, up from less than $800 million in 1990. Most of the growth appears to be in small- and medium-size systems. Voice-mail systems today vary in price from $12,000 for small systems to more than $1 million for the top of the line.
The Octel Communications Corporation in Milipitas, Calif., is the largest maker of voice-mail equipment, with more than 20 percent of the market. A.T.&T., Northern Telecom of Canada and VMX of San Jose are also leading makers of equipment. Moreover, there is a substantial business in selling voice-mail services, leasing equipment to customers and charging them by the number of mailboxes. One leader in this business is Tigon, a unit of Ameritech, the Midwestern Bell operating company.
Unlike answering machines, which answer specific telephones, voice-mail machines can also send and receive messages from other subscribers on the system without having to call them. Thus, a supervisor can send 12 copies of a voice message to 12 other executives, an impossibility with a mere answering machine. Other applications, like "automated attendant," are, in effect, robot switchboard and directory-assistance operators. Something called "interactive voice response" allows callers to record information for college registration, inquire about bank accounts or request travel brochures.
SOME versions of telephone answering machines were invented in the 1920's and 1930's, but voice mail did not get its very limited start until the late 1970's.
The story goes that an entrepreneur, Gordon Matthews, was stuck in a driving rainstorm and noticed in a nearby dump a huge pink blob of "While You Were Out" pink message slips. It occurred to him that a machine allowing people to record detailed messages in their own voices could help eliminate the blizzard of paper as well as garbled and incomplete messages.
But the first machines developed by Mr. Matthews's company, which eventually became VMX Inc., did not answer the telephone. Employees could leave a message for other employees only
without
ringing the phone. Companies therefore had a hard time justifying the purchase.
Indeed, for the early part of the 1980's, voice-mail computers were simply too big, too unreliable and too expensive to be worthwhile to most corporations. That has a lot to do with the nature of the human voice.
Telephone lines carry the human voice at a transmission rate of 64,000 bits a second. With the memory of typical computer disk drives of the early 80's totaling about 200 million bits, that meant that a computer had at most about 52 minutes worth of messages.
With the average employee getting about three messages a day, a moderate-size business of a few dozen employees would eat up the computer memory in a few days. The voice mail system would whir to a halt. To get around the small capacity, businesses would buy multiple units, but the probability that a flaw in one unit would slow down a nearby unit meant the system broke down as often as every month or so.
To save precious disk space, and thus expand the computer's capacity, clever scientists came up with algorithms, or sophisticated mathematical recipes, that "sampled" the voice information like a pollster interviewing potential voters.
When a person speaks, a voice-mail computer (and often the telephone company's own computers as well) turns the analog signal, which is proportional to changes in electrical voltage, into numbers. This computer code comprises the familiar 1's and 0's that computers use to talk to each other and allows voice-mail systems to process voices like so much electronic sausage.
Clever computers can use as little as one-fourth of the incoming voice information and still produce a sound that closely resembles the original speech. What the systems lose in voice fidelity (callers often complain they sound tinny on voice-mail messages), they gain in memory and flexibility. The voice-mail machines of the early 1980's were the size of five or six refrigerators. Today, the machines are smaller than a three-drawer filing cabinet.
As the computer chips that made personal computers possible grew cheaper and more reliable, so did voice-mail systems. Twenty hours of storage capacity that cost $180,000 in the early 1980's now costs about $13,000.
The increased computer capacity also brought a proliferation of options designed to appeal to the widest number of customers, from pharmaceutical salesmen to real estate brokers to journalists. But more choices also meant more chances for callers to be captured in "voice-mail jail," that labyrinth of recorded voices issuing instructions from which there sometimes seems no escape short of hanging up.
THESE days corporations, after prodding from voice-mail companies, are rewriting their programs so that voice-mail greetings are no longer than 10 seconds and callers do not have to listen to more than three or four choices, one of which is talking to a human operator.
Moreover, Octel plans to introduce as early as next year a "univeral mail box." This all-encompassing mail drop would gather paper and electronic-mail messages as well as messages from subscribers' business, residence and cellular telephone voice mail.
This consolidated mailbox could also receive electronic versions of facsimiles that could be printed out at home, or the office, or perhaps even be displayed on a hotel television screen during a business trip.
"Voice mail is like music," said Tom S. Hunse, vice president of marketing for Tigon.  "Some of it's good, some of it's bad. But what are you going to do when 75 percent of the time the person you call is just not in?" IT'S JANE BARBE SETTING THE TONE
You know Jane Barbe. You just may not realize it. Probably more than any other individual, she is the Voice of voice mail.
More than 40 million people hear her clear, measured tones informing them that "At the tone, the time is 8:57 and 50 seconds" or "All circuits are busy now. Please try again later." And on more and more voice-mail systems, hers is the gently encouraging voice urging, "Please press 1 for more options."
At all times in her telephone persona, Mrs. Barbe (pronounced BAR-bee) is friendly, easy to understand, and authoritative without being, uh, matronizing. It is something of a jolt to find that the civilian Mrs. Barbe speaks with a lilting Southern accent that can quite quickly drop into a sultry register.
She worked on scrubbing the Scarlett O'Hara out of her voice while majoring in drama at the University of Georgia. "You haven't lived until you've heard 'Antigone' in a Southern accent," said Mrs. Barbe, who lives in Atlanta and has two grown children. With her husband, John, a semi-retired musician, she composed and sang commercial jingles, a discipline that required an accentless voice.
When she records voice-mail announcements for Octel, the largest maker of voice-mail equipment, she does more than 1,000 sound bites at a time. This can take days and be a bit disconcerting for Mrs. Barbe.
Some announcements have to be assembled out of a dozen or more separately recorded sound bites -- for example, "your message," then "was sent," then "May," then separate bites for the exact date and time of day. Yet all the bites have to sound as if they were spoken at the same time. Some scripts are rewritten because particular words do not properly "digitize" -- become converted into computer code -- or because Mrs. Barbe's pitch on certain words inadvertently triggers other computer functions.
Although Mrs. Barbe could probably make a fortune from phone messages of a less corporate nature, she said she does not expect to record anything racier than the announcement she did for the Coast Guard. "They wanted to get the crew's attention if something could endanger the ship," Mrs. Barbe said. She then launches into a breathy "Foreign object floating in the water" that would stop a sailor dead in his tracks.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>There had been tension all afternoon because of the unrest, complete with tear gas and sirens, in the nearby streets. There had been a bomb scare right before the game. There was the disturbing experience of having a 7-0 lead become a 7-7 nightmare.
But the exhausting, unnerving night came to a close for the Mets with an 8-7 victory, a draining, dizzying triumph over the Braves, their fourth straight victory.
Daryl Boston, his eighth-inning home run having climbed deeply and quietly into the night, silenced Atlanta-Fulton County Stadium for good, the noise and nonsense of a mad game buried by finality at last.
"A policeman had got on our bus on the way to the game," said Boston, the outfielder who was an emergency replacement for the again-injured Vince Coleman. "He told us the Braves had 33 scoreless innings going. He told us we were all in trouble." Avery's Bad Night
As it turned out, the Braves were in more scoreboard difficulty inside five innings than they had been over the last 49 innings combined. Steve Avery, the sensational left-hander who had mediocre material to work with and then terrible luck, was yanked in the fourth after the Mets had scored five runs. There were errors, mental mistakes and a truckload of singles in the inning. And an inning later, there were another couple of runs and a fat 7-0 advantage.
"I don't know why, but I never felt comfortable," said Manager Jeff Torborg. "Maybe I'm not used to huge leads. All I know is I didn't feel good."
He certainly was not happy with what followed. Anthony Young, who had got through five scoreless innings with his solid, steadfast ethic on the mound, gave up what looked like an inconsequential homer to Terry Pendleton in the sixth.
"Up 7-1, I told the manager I wanted to go out and try the seventh," said Young. "I wanted to start it."
But a single by Damon Berryhill and a fielding error by Young on Mark Lemke's grounder back to the mound undercut the sense of inevitability surrounding Young's night. Jeff Blauser's two-run double to the wall in left-center then finished any chance that Young had of completing what he started.
"I thought turning it over to the relievers at that point was a reasonable request," said Young.
But neither Paul Gibson nor Jeff Innis was up to the favor. Brian Hunter doubled off Gibson for the run that made the score 7-4, and then Deion Sanders walked. Torborg called upon Innis, and the right-hander quickly got the Mets within range of escape by forcing Pendleton to ground into a double play.
Innis then started aggressively against Ron Gant, an 0-2 count. But Gant timed Innis's side-armed slider and smashed it off the top of the fence in left for a double and a 7-5 score. The outfield fence, though, was no obstacle to David Justice. The right fielder, with a lashing of an Innis pitch at the belt, hit a 442-foot homer for two more runs and the completion of a comeback from a 7-0 hole.
"I couldn't have given them better pitches to hit if I had gone up there and dropped them in front of them," said Innis.
Spirits, though, weren't sunk in the dugout. The third out of the seventh was obtained, and the score, miserable as it was, stood no worse than deadlocked.
"I keep saying it, but there is a great feeling in our dugout," said Torborg. "It's not raucous. It's not phony. It's a quiet professional confidence."
The dugout was indeed raucous a moment later. Boston, feasting on a pitch low in the strike zone from Juan Berenguer, crashed a two-out solo shot to the bleachers in right.
"It means a lot that we didn't fold," said Torborg. "That would have been an easy El Foldo after giving up a 7-0 lead and being in their ball park."
But there was no folding, no remaining drama. Tim Burke, making his first appearance on the mound since April 15, worked a scoreless eighth, and John Franco gained his fifth save.
INSIDE PITCH
Atlanta Mayor MAYNARD JACKSON said he had considered postponing Friday night's game because of the civil disorder, but went ahead and allowed it. The bomb threat did not require the evacuation of the stadium and resulted in nothing.
VINCE COLEMAN, activated from the disabled list after missing nearly a month because of a damaged left hamstring, lasted all of one inning in his return. The left fielder injured a muscle in his left side while striking out to lead off the game. Coleman swung hard at a third strike in the dirt and then stumbled out of the box. He went on to play in left for one inning, but was replaced by DARYL BOSTON in the second. The initial medical examination diagnosed the injury as a strained abdominal muscle, and determined Coleman's status to be day to day.
DAVE MAGADAN has hit in 11 straight games.
BASEBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Amoco Petroleum Products Marketing, a division of the Amoco Corporation, has  abruptly left Campbell-Ewald in Warren, Mich., after almost a year and, without  a review, named as its primary agency the Leo Burnett Company in Chicago. The billings were estimated at $30 million.
"It was a mutual parting of the ways" primarily related to "creative differences," Arline Datu, a spokeswoman for Amoco in Chicago, said Friday. Mark O. Benner, senior vice president for marketing services at Campbell-Ewald, a unit of the Interpublic Group of Companies, agreed, saying, "The fundamental issue was that we were not able to reach a common agreement on creative strategy."
Campbell-Ewald was awarded the account for the Amoco retail outlets and the  products they sell in late March 1995. Before that, Amoco had worked for 40 years with the Chicago office of D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles, which resigned when the account was placed in review. Burnett has been without a gasoline account since October 1994, when Burnett and the 76 Products Company unit of the Unocal Corporation agreed to part company after 56 years.
THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING -- ADDENDA<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>''I want to get out. I want my children to live in a peaceful place.''
ZEINAB HEART, seeking a passport to leave Iraq. [A8]<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: A 26-year-old New York City correction officer was indicted yesterday in the death of an inmate who was struck on the head with a flashlight during a disturbance on Rikers Island.
A 26-year-old New York City correction officer was indicted yesterday in the death of an inmate who was struck on the head with a flashlight during a disturbance on Rikers Island.
The officer, Denise Whyte, stood silently in State Supreme Court in the Bronx as her lawyer, Stuart London, entered a not guilty plea. Justice Burton G. Hecht set bail at $10,000 pending further court proceedings. Ms. Whyte has been suspended without pay from her $30,298-a-year job.
Ms. Whyte, a Brooklyn resident and a Correction Department officer for two years, is charged with first-degree manslaughter and other counts. Prosecutors said she struck a single blow to the head of the prisoner, 54-year-old Franklin M. Straker, during a disturbance among inmates in a dormitory area early on April 20, 1988.
Mr. Straker, who was awaiting trial on an attempted-robbery charge, ''suffered a brain hemorrhage, went into a coma and died four months later,'' said a spokesman for the Bronx District Attorney, Robert T. Johnson.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>COLLECTORS of sports memorabilia were already having a difficult time finding Mark McGwire mementos before Tuesday night, when the St. Louis slugger hit his 62d home run, surpassing Roger Maris's record for home runs in a season. After all, McGwire has turned down commercial ventures to sell his autograph, though he signs for fans before most games.
Now the demand far exceeds the supply. Nearly everything related to the 62d home run is already at the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum in Cooperstown, N.Y.: the bat, the ball and McGwire's hat, jersey, pants, cleats and batting gloves. Even the jersey worn by his son, Matthew, is on display.
''To tell you the truth, there's not much of anything available,'' said Dave Jarvis, co-owner of Megacards, a sports memorabilia shop in St. Louis. ''Anything Mark McGwire is going fast. I had a couple of autographed bats that weren't even used in games. They were $300. Now they're $500. A game-used bat would be $2,000 at least.''
Mr. Jarvis and other St. Louis collectors gave rough prices for ''game-worn'' material -- if available -- related to any McGwire home run this year. A full Cardinals uniform would be $5,000; his size 13 spikes, $1,000, a shinguard he wears on his left leg, $200.
''Any home-run ball from this year would be worth several hundred dollars,'' Mr. Jarvis said. ''After No. 50, it's $25,000 or more.''
Collectors have turned to just about any other scrap of the historic night. Commemorative editions of The St. Louis Post-Dispatch are selling for $40, unused scorecards for $50, unused tickets for $200 or more. McGwire's rookie baseball card -- Topps 1985, No. 401 -- is listed in the latest monthly guides at $150 but, at least for now, is selling at $250.
Buyers beware: Forged goods are being sold in stores and on the Internet. The Missouri Attorney General has settled two lawsuits contending that merchants were selling fake McGwire bats, balls and caps.
McGwire has warned fans to be careful. ''What upsets me is that people are spending their hard-earned money on something that's fake,'' he said.
Even his mother ran across a photograph of him that featured a bogus autograph. ''You know this is a forgery,'' he said she told the owners.
''They said, 'No, it's not,' and she says: 'Yes, it is. That's my son and I know my son's signature.' ''
SPENDING IT<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Caroline Gail Dorsen, a daughter of Harriette and Norman Dorsen of New York, was married yesterday to Alexander Paul LeDuc, the son of Susan L. LeDuc of Okemos, Mich., and Don P. LeDuc of Haslett, Mich. Associate Justice Stephen G. Breyer of the United States Supreme Court performed the ceremony at the Cream Hill Lake Association, a private club in Cornwall, Conn.
Ms. Dorsen, 30, is keeping her name. She is a nurse at Milford (Conn.) Hospital and is working on a master's degree in nursing at Yale University. She graduated magna cum laude from the University of California at Berkeley and then received a second bachelor's degree, also magna cum laude, in nursing from New York University.
Her father is the Stokes Professor at the N.Y.U. School of Law. He is the chairman of the board of the Lawyers Committee for Human Rights, and from 1976 to 1991, he was the president of the American Civil Liberties Union. Her mother is a senior vice president and the general counsel at Random House, the New York publishing company.
Mr. LeDuc, 30, is the director in charge of promotional and educational video productions for the Union of Needle Trades, Industrial and Textile Employees in New York. He graduated from Oberlin College and is a master's degree candidate in media studies at N.Y.U. His mother is a principal assistant prosecuting attorney for Ingham County in Lansing, Mich. His father is the dean of the Thomas M. Cooley Law School, also in Lansing.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Isosceles P.L.C. said it had reached a truce with Newgateway P.L.C,, the company it defeated last month in a battle for majority control of the British supermarket operator the Gateway Corporation, Newgateway still has a 40 percent holding in Gateway. Newgateway includes the American investment firm Wasserstein, Perella & Co.
Isosceles P.L.C. said it had reached a truce with Newgateway P.L.C,, the company it defeated last month in a battle for majority control of the British supermarket operator the Gateway Corporation, Newgateway still has a 40 percent holding in Gateway. Newgateway includes the American investment firm Wasserstein, Perella & Co. and the Great Atlantic and Pacific Tea Company. Newgateway will exchange its holding for a proportionate stake in Isosceles and it will have representation on Gateway's board of directors, and will support Isosceles in carrying out ''its commercial strategy.''
Newgateway is forbidden to increase its holding above 49.8 percent, unless the Isosceles board backs such a move. Newgateway lifted its stake in Gateway to the 40 percent level after losing the takeover contest last month. This holding represented a potential obstacle to the Isosceles reorganization plans for Gateway. Isosceles, made up of a group of disgruntled Gateway shareholders, won the contest with a bid valuing Gateway at between $3.2 billion and $3.5 billion.
COMPANY NEWS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Re ''Bigger Diamonds Are a Girl's Best Friend'' (Week in Review, Feb. 13): You report that ''engagement rings of four carats or more are not uncommon in Upper East Side social circles.''
Though Jerry Seinfeld's purchase of a two-carat diamond for his bride ''horrified'' Tiffany insiders, I admire his restraint.
When a woman, like one in your article, is disappointed with a six-carat diamond that is priced at about $75,000, we are really in the middle of a long-running economic expansion.
Every day, thousands of children die of preventable diseases and malnutrition. The 13-carat diamond pictured in the photograph accompanying your article could save some children from starvation.
Where are our priorities? If only there were status in an Upper East Side socialite's flashing a bare ring finger and saying, ''My husband donated the money instead to help save the children of the world.''
KERRY LANGAN  Oberlin, Ohio, Feb. 13, 2000<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
On Election Day, Nov. 5, the people of New York State have the opportunity to put New York on the road to economic recovery. Proposition 1 on the ballot will allow the State Legislature to increase the Job Development Authority's authorization of state bonds from $600 million to $900 million. This power to extend low-interest loans to companies looking to expand in New York State has proved to be a valuable economic tool in stimulating economic growth.
The reluctance to reform the Medicaid and Social Service programs has produced billion-dollar budget deficits that were filled with tax increases and cutbacks in state services. This trend has got to stop. Increasing the Job Development Authority's bonding authorization is a good first step to reverse that trend. Since the agency's inception almost 150,000 people have become employed by companies assisted by its loans. New York can be an attractive place to do business. But in these tough economic times many companies do not have the necessary capital to expand and create new jobs.
Approving Proposition 1 is a necessary first step for putting New York State on the road to economic recovery. RALPH J. MARINO Majority Leader, State Senate Albany, Oct. 22, 1991<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Rock-and-roll has long been a fervent expression of a younger generation's rebellious freedom. But the deaths of three fans at a heavy-metal concert in Salt Lake City last weekend have forced promoters and arena managers to reconsider how much freedom to allow concert goers.
Questions have risen about whether to restrict or ban the common arrangement where fans, instead of having an assigned seat, freely roam the concert hall in the style of open-air rock festivals.
Many say such festival seating creates a sweaty, throbbing mass on the open floor before the stage, inviting injury or, as in Utah, death.  'Just Asking for Trouble'
"Nobody should lose their life going to a rock concert," Barry E. Fey, a Denver concert promoter, said. "You're just asking for trouble with festival seating. You've seen the last of it now."
But other promoters, rock bands and arena managers said last week that festival seating was part of rock-and-roll's tradition and was safe if well controlled.
"That guy on the stage, they idolize him, worship him," said Jerry Mickelson, a partner at Jam, a concert promotion concern in Chicago. Fans "like the excitement of being close to the stage, of standing next to somebody else and feeling the vibration that goes through the entire crowd."
The three teen-agers who died at the Salt Palace in Salt Lake City were trampled by a sudden surge of the crowd as the band AC/DC, known for its hard-driving sound, began to play. Security guards near the stage struggled to reach the fans who had fallen as the band, evidently unaware of the crush, played on.  Changes in Policy
While some arenas will continue to allow festival seating, the Salt Palace has suspending it pending an investigation. The Nashville Municipal Auditorium, fearing a repeat of the Utah incident, modified its seating arrangement for a performance tonight by AC/DC. Fans will not be assigned a seat but will be required to sit in one. Security will also be tighter.
"We called the band and expressed our concerns," said Robert E. Highsmith, the manager of the auditorium, which normally allows festival seating. "And the band has agreed that the chairs go down on this show."
Such concerns about festival seating are not new. In December 1979, 11 people died when they were trampled as a crowd stormed an entrance to Riverfront Coliseum in Cincinnati, where The Who was performing. Seating for the concert was general admission.
After the Cincinnati concert, many cities, including Cincinnati, outlawed festival seating, as did individual arenas and stadiums. Only 10 percent to 20 percent of concerts with more than 10,000 people still use festival seating, according to the North American Concert Promoters Association in New York.
Arenas that still allow festival seating have adopted new safety procedures and installed crowd-control devices over the last decade.
R. V. Baugus, a spokesman for the International Association of Auditorium Managers, said safety measures varied from show to show because some bands, like heavy metal and rap groups, tended attract a more volatile crowd than others.
"What you do at a rock concert in Utah is different than what you do for, say, Pavarotti in New York," Mr. Baugus said.  Through a Cattle Chute
Metal detectors are now used routinely. An average-size show will have 100 to 200 security guards. Fans at Kansas Coliseum in Wichita, which still allows festival seating, are herded into the arena through modified cattle chutes.
"In festival seating, you have to address quite a few problems" that "start on the outside and work on in to the stage," the coliseum director, Sam E. Fulco, said.
Inside, five-foot concrete storm pipes, are arrayed on end in front of the stage to break the momentum of crowd surges the way barrier islands break ocean waves. Selland Arena in Fresno, Calif., does the same thing with the concrete manhole structures, and the Tacoma Dome in Washington assembles three barriers that protrude from the stage like fingers.
Some people say safety restrictions at concerts have dulled part of the thrill of rock-and-roll.
The Grateful Dead, in fact, requests that its concerts have festival seating whenever possible. The band's publicist, Dennis McNally, said festival seating implied "freedom, and freedom's always a risky business."
But, he said, "rock-and-roll has a tradition. It's always been dance music. And the Grateful Dead's a dance band."<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>HOW many of us have inherited neglected, overgrown old apple trees with our property?
They do have charm, with their gnarled, elbowed branches seemingly ready to reach out for a hug. Their fruits, however, usually leave much to be desired: too small, too high in the tree and too pest-ridden. These problems are largely a result of the tree's growing so large and dense with branches that it has shaded itself into unproductivity and disease-inducing dankness. No need for despair: such a tree can be returned to glory by renovation, as corrective pruning of an old tree is called.
But before picking up a pruning tool, ask yourself whether your efforts will be justified. Is the tree of a particularly good variety? (Fruit quality may be hard to judge on a neglected tree.) Do you really want a tree where that tree stands? Would one or more dwarf trees, which can be cared for with feet on terra firma, make more practical sense? Before beginning renovation, always consider the option of ''pruning'' a neglected tree to the ground.
If you still want to go ahead and renovate the old tree, start now, while it is dormant. The first tool needed is a chain saw or a large bow saw. Use either saw to cut back drastically one or two large upward-growing limbs.
This operation quickly lowers the tree and opens up what remains to light and air. Lowering the tree makes picking easier. Letting in more light provides nourishment for fruit buds and, along with better air circulation, reduces disease problems by hastening the drying of leaves and fruits. If those first cuts are truly severe, it may be wise to hire a professional to do them.
Though many large, lofty limbs may still remain on your tree, cut back only one or two this year. Cutting back too many in one season would cause once-shaded bark to sunburn. If necessary, repeat the process on one or two other limbs next year, and again, if necessary, the following year.
It is impossible to give an exact prescription for just how far back to cut these large limbs. The amount depends on the shape you want for the tree in the end, as well as  the arrangement of branches. Remember that new fruiting wood will begin above whatever height you cut a limb back to. Three to six feet above ground level is about the right height for branches to originate.
Ideally, these large cuts are back to well-placed side branches. But don't worry if no side branch is growing off near your cut, because new sprouts, the tree's future limbs, will grow from dormant buds.
In fact, new sprouts -- too many of them -- will appear all over the place. Remove most of them. The easiest way to do this is to check your tree every few weeks through spring and summer, then firmly grasp any extraneous sprout and give it a sharp downward jerk.
Save those sprouts that are well placed to make new limbs in terms of spacing and height of origin. Any wayward sprouts that you miss during spring and summer could also be pruned this time next year, but subsequent resprouting from their bases is less likely if they are ripped off by hand in active growth. Be ruthless with sprout removal, because if too many new branches crowd one another, the tree will be back where it started, with shaded, dank branches.
Let's get back to today's pruning. After you've made your one or two drastic cuts, go on to more detailed pruning with a small pruning saw and a lopping shear. Look over the branches for any that are dead, broken or diseased. Buds and stems on dead wood appear shriveled and lifeless, in contrast with those on living wood, which are plump. Dead or broken limbs provide possible entry for disease. Bark on diseased wood will have various colored fungi growing on it, or dark, sunken lesions. Cut back dead, broken or diseased branches to sound wood.
Also remove stems that are overcrowded or weak. Such stems typically grow in deep shade and droop downward. Either cut them off completely or shorten them to the point where they start their downward arc.
The final and most detailed cuts are of the spurs -- those short stubby branches, each only an inch or two long, on which fruits are borne. Old apple trees commonly have too many spurs, and spreading a tree's resources among so many fruits causes the apples to be small and of poor quality. Use hand-held pruning shears to take away some spurs completely and to remove just a side branch or two from others.
Don't be alarmed at all the potential fruits you're removing. Each flower bud on an apple spur unfolds to five blossoms, and an apple tree typically yields best-quality harvests when no more than about five percent of its potential blossoms set fruit.
For the finishing touch on renovation, tidy up the bark. Crevices formed where old bark is flaking off provide refuge for pests like the larvae of codling moths. Scrape the bark clean with a short-handled hoe or some balled up chicken wire. Be gentle, though --  remove only the loose surface bark.
Now stand back and admire your work. Cleaned up, an old apple tree looks even  more charming than it did when it was neglected and overgrown. Now give your tree a hug.
CUTTINGS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Although many Pakistanis have greeted the 50th anniversary of the country's independence with scathing assessments of its failures, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has used the occasion to tell his countrymen that Pakistan has done better than its detractors allow, and in some respects better than India, the country out of which Pakistan was carved.
''In 50 years we've had our ups and downs like any other nation in the world. We've been off track, but we're on track now, and dealing with our problems,'' Mr. Sharif said in an interview on Wednesday at his official residence here. ''Of course, the enemies of Pakistan try to present it as a failed state. But it's not a failed state. It's much better than it was 20, 30, or 40 years ago.''
Mr. Sharif, 47, is a politician of a special kind in Pakistan. He served one of the military governments that have ruled here for nearly half country's existence, then outlasted the military ruler who sponsored his entry into politics, Gen. Mohammad Zia ul-Haq, winning two of the four elections  since the general's death in 1988. After his landslide win earlier this year, in which his Pakistan Muslim League won lnearly three-quarters of the seats in the National Assembly, he is considered the most powerful civilian prime minister Pakistan has had.
The victory was a humiliation for Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto, Mr. Sharif's foe in the two elections he lost, but it also gave him the opportunity to break free of the generals who have usually favored leaders of the traditionally conservative Muslim League.
He did so by eliminating the reserve power of Pakistan's presidents to dismiss prime ministers, a ploy used twice against Ms. Bhutto in recent years and once, in 1993, against Mr. Sharif himself.
The widespread assumption in Pakistan was that the presidential power was only used when the country's military commanders approved it. Now, if the generals want to take power, many Pakistanis worry that  they will have to mount a coup, as they did in the 1950's and 1960's.
Perhaps because of past experience, Mr. Sharif seems wary of saying much that could offend anybody, even Ms. Bhutto. In a 45-minute discussion at the hilltop mansion he inherited after the February vote, he was asked if he thought Ms. Bhutto was a spent force in Pakistan politics, as even some of her supporters believe.
''I really don't know about that,'' Mr. Sharif said. ''You should ask Pakistanis. I suppose they showed what they thought in the election.''
On two topics that have been thorny issues for all Pakistan's leaders, India and nuclear weapons, Mr. Sharif was more forthcoming.
He spoke warmly of Prime Minister I. K. Gujral of India, who has said he favors a broad detente with Pakistan, including a relaxation of border tensions, increased trade and arms reductions. The Pakistani leader said Mr. Gujral, whom he met in the Maldive Islands in May, was ''a very positive man.'' But he also said, several times, that there could be no major progress unless the two countries first disposed of what he called ''outstanding problems,'' diplomatic code for the dispute over the divided territory of Kashmir.
Similar formulations in the past have always torpedoed efforts to improve relations between the two countries, but Mr. Sharif was insistent. ''We can only move on issues like trade if we carry our public opinion with us, and that can only happen if outstanding problems are resolved,'' he said.
On nuclear weapons, Mr. Sharif was equally firm. For years, American negotiators have pressed Pakistan to eliminate, or at least to freeze, its covert nuclear weapons program. Pakistan has been evasive, saying that it will only agree if India takes similar measures with its own nuclear weapons program, something India has refused.
Mr. Sharif said Washington should give up trying to pressure Pakistan on the issue. ''We consider this issue behind us, and the Pakistan nation doesn't want to discuss this any more,'' he said. ''I don't think there is any point in exploring the past any more. It's time to talk about the future.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Japan's leading supercomputer maker has arranged its first sale in North America in more than three years, saying today that it had made a deal with a consortium of two corporations and a university in Canada.
The sale is the first to be announced by Fujitsu Ltd. since it re-entered the North American market with an improved machine earlier this year. The company's United States subsidiary, Fujitsu America Inc., began marketing the new supercomputer this March; it withdrew from the United States market in 1989 after selling only three machines.
Fujitsu's VP240X supercomputer is being purchased by a not-for-profit consortium founded by the Pulsonic Corporation and ACTC Technologies, both of Calgary, Alberta. The University of Calgary is also participating in the initiative, and it is expected that other universities in Canada will be active in the consortium.
The project involves oil and gas exploration as well as research in other areas. Pulsonic is a seismic processing company, and ACTC develops software. The supercomputer center is expected to open early next year.
Fujitsu Business Systems Canada, the computer maker's Canadian subsidiary, is also participating in the consortium and has contributed $1.5 million to the effort.
The project is scheduled to cost $37 million over five years, and the purchase and installation of the machine will cost $18 million. Western Economic Diversified Canada, a Government-sponsored development agency, will provide financial assistance of $5 million over five years.
Sales of supercomputers, defined as the fastest computers made at a given time, are a sensitive trade issue in the United States and Japan. Both sides contend that they face unfair obstacles in trying to sell the machines in the other nation.
Although Fujitsu is a dominant force in the Japanese market, it faces a tough competitor in Cray Research Inc., the leading United States manufacturer of supercomputers.
Several times in recent years, Washington has discouraged research organizations and universities from accepting donated or discounted Japanese supercomputers. Recently, Cray Research unsuccessfully protested the award of a supercomputer contract at a Japanese physics research center to a Japanese concern.
Cray Research officials said yesterday that they had not heard of the Canadian deal and that they believed Cray would have done well in a competitive bid. "It's the first I've heard about it," said Frank Parisi, a spokesman for the Eagan, Minn., company. "We've done well against Fujitsu in lots of places."
The sale should help Fujitsu develop software and expertise in critical industries like petroleum and pharmaceuticals.
"I'm optimistic that this will improve our chances in the United States market," said Tom Miller, Fujitsu America's vice president for marketing and sales. A First for Canada
Ron Crossan, national manager of the consortium for Fujitsu in Canada, said the new machine, which is capable of 2.5 billion calculations a second, would be used for research in areas like drug development and materials design as well as for oil exploration.
"In Canada, it hasn't mattered that much whether it would be a Japanese or an American supplier," Mr. Crossan said. "They were just pleased to see a company come in and help them set up a supercomputer center." It will be the first public supercomputing operation available in Canada, he added.
"Canadians have been dependent on the National Science Foundation centers in the United States, and the Canadian Government was a little bit disturbed that all of our researchers had to go to the U.S. centers," Mr. Crossan said.
He added that Canadians had searched for a partner to participate in the project and had talked to all the major supercomputer vendors before agreeing to cooperate with Fujitsu two years ago.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Dennis Conner's reclamation of the America's Cup, after losing it to the Aussies in 1983, has to be the sports story of the year. Why else would so many Americans stay up until 4 A.M. just to ''watch grass grow?''  STEWART J. WILEY
Westport, Conn.
Dennis Conner's reclamation of the America's Cup, after losing it to the Aussies in 1983, has to be the sports story of the year. Why else would so many Americans stay up until 4 A.M. just to ''watch grass grow?''  STEWART J. WILEY
Westport, Conn.
QUESTION OF THE WEEK<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>DIMOND-Gertrude R. (nee Reich) on February 16, 2001. Beloved wife of the late Samuel Dimond, M.D. Devoted mother to Arthur and Patricia Dimond, the late Alexander Dimond, M.D. and Elayne Dimond. Loving grandmother to Anna and Samuel and to Jessica, Paul and Marielos. Sister of Nathaniel Reich, M.D. Service on Sunday, February 18th at 10:00 AM at Weinstein, Garlick, Kirschenbaum Chapel, 1153 Coney Island Ave, Brooklyn, NY. Memorial contributions may be made to National Counsel of Jewish Women-Brooklyn Chapter. 1001 Quentin Road, Brooklyn, New York 11223.
DIMOND - Gertrude. National Council of Jewish Women Board of Directors regret the passing of our honorary director, Gertrude Dimond. Funeral Kirschenbaum Bros., Inc., 1153 Coney Island Ave., Bklyn, NY, 10 AM, Sunday. Sylvia Ladner & Dolores Neaser Co-Presidents<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LAMBERT-Anne B. On October 3, 1999. Beloved wife of the late Benjamin. Sister of Lillian Behren Friedman and Bertram S. Behrens. Aunt of Anne, Gail, Andrea, Richard and Jonathan. Services private.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Three of the city's most elite high schools improperly charged poor students a total of $180,000 over several years to take Advanced Placement exams, investigators said yesterday.
Under a special program, the State Education Department receives federal grant money to help pay for poor students to take the exams, which are sometimes accepted for college credit, and the College Board, which administers the exams, also reduces its fees. But in a report, Richard J. Condon, the special commissioner of investigation for the city schools, found that the schools charged poor students as much as $52 per exam.
According to the report, students are eligible for free A.P. exams if they qualify for free or reduced-price lunch. Other students are charged $82 per test.
Of the three schools investigated, Mr. Condon found, Brooklyn Technical High School improperly collected $76,678 from poor students over four years, the Bronx High School of Science collected $73,032 over three years, and Stuyvesant High School collected about $31,000 over four years.
Mr. Condon did not accuse school officials of impropriety or recommend that any charges be filed. But, in an interview, he suggested that the problem may exist at other schools and recommended that the Department of Education correct it.
''It would not surprise me that it was more widespread,'' he said. ''We looked at three and found three.''
In a statement, Margie Feinberg, a spokeswoman for the Department of Education, said the department would ensure that all schools reimburse students, as Mr. Condon recommended. ''We will reinforce this to all schools that offer A.P. exams,'' she said. ''We will make sure this doesn't happen again.''
The investigation started in the fall of 2005, after a staff member at Brooklyn Tech complained that the school's principal, Lee D. McCaskill, was refusing to reimburse poor students for the exam fees. Dr. McCaskill retired in February days before the release of another report by Mr. Condon, which found that he had tried to cover up his efforts to improperly place his daughter in a leading Brooklyn elementary school.
According to the new report, Margaret Blau, the Advanced Placement coordinator at Brooklyn Tech, told investigators that in May 2005, after the school was reimbursed for more than $13,000 in exam fees, she asked Dr. McCaskill about giving the money back to students.
Ms. Blau told investigators that Dr. McCaskill ''replied that he did not wish to be troubled issuing 259 checks to students, and that the surplus should be kept in the Brooklyn Tech account to be used for student activities.''
Dr. McCaskill did not respond to a telephone message left at his home yesterday seeking comment.
Dr. McCaskill, the report said, told investigators that neither Ms. Blau nor anyone else had ever mentioned the need to reimburse the students, and that the money may have gone to buy chairs for exam-takers.
After looking at Brooklyn Tech, Mr. Condon also investigated two other schools with large numbers of poor students taking the exams. At Stuyvesant, Mr. Condon said, low-income students were charged $20 per test, money the school's Advanced Placement coordinator, Randi Damesek, said was needed to rent chairs and pay proctors.
At Bronx Science, investigators said, the coordinator, Shun Fang Chang, started giving poor students their money back several months ago.
Valerie Reidy, the principal at Bronx Science, did not respond to a message seeking comment. At Stuyvesant, an aide to Stanley Teitel, the principal, referred questions to Ms. Feinberg.
In the interview, Mr. Condon said the schools should track down students who were overcharged, even those already in college.
''It's not the schools' money,'' he said. ''The money should have gone to the children.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Faced with the unusual legislative task of choosing a new state comptroller, Assembly Speaker Saul Weprin wants to use committees of the Assembly and the Senate to interview candidates for the job, his aides said today.
Because the new comptroller will almost certainly be a Democrat, many of the candidates and their political strategists believe the decision will ultimately be made by Mr. Weprin and Gov. Mario M. Cuomo. But the method Mr. Weprin proposes would give the selection process at least the appearance of openness.
"The main point is that the Speaker wants the selection process for the new comptroller to be as open and public as possible," said Steven A. Greenberg, Mr. Weprin's spokesman. "There shouldn't be a name that the public hasn't heard that suddenly we're taking a vote on." At Least 11 Candidates
Edward V. Regan, the State Comptroller for the last 14 years, announced on Thursday that he would resign at the end of April. His unexpected decision to leave office in the middle of his term set in motion a flurry of intense politicking, and at least 11 people have already expressed interest in the job.
After four days, the leading contenders seem to be the New York City Board of Education president, H. Carl McCall, and former New York City Council President Carol Bellamy, who lost to Mr. Regan when she ran for the post in 1990.
If selected, Mr. McCall would be the first black statewide official. Mr. Cuomo said on Saturday that Mr. McCall's candidacy presents a "unique opportunity," although he said he would not publicly endorse a candidate. Felix G. Rohatyn, the chairman of the Municipal Assistance Corporation and a political ally of the Governor, said today that he supports Mr. McCall.
The state Constitution calls for the decision to be made by the 211 members of the Legislature sitting in a joint session of the Senate and the Assembly. Democrats hold 127 of those seats, and 101 of them are in the Assembly, meaning that Mr. Weprin controls the largest bloc of votes. Joint Hearings
Mr. Greenberg said that Mr. Weprin would like a pair of committees, perhaps the Assembly Ways and Means Committee and the Senate Finance Committee, to hold joint public hearings to interview candidates for the job. The committees would not vote or make recommendations but would forward relevant information to all members of the Legislature, Mr. Greenberg said.
John E. McArdle, a spokesman for the Senate majority leader, Ralph J. Marino, said the Republican-controlled Senate would welcome hearings. Mr. Cuomo said he would have to discuss the proposal with Mr. Weprin and wanted to make sure that the process would not interfere with the passage of a state budget by April 1, the start of the fiscal year.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Labor Secretary Elizabeth Dole moved today to require Americans who change jobs to transfer their pension benefits to a new retirement account rather than spending the cash.
Labor Secretary Elizabeth Dole moved today to require Americans who change jobs to transfer their pension benefits to a new retirement account rather than spending the cash.
The proposal, announced at a conference of the Association of Private Pension and Welfare Plans, would have to be approved by Congress.
Mrs. Dole said 80 percent of Americans who receive retirement savings in a lump sum when they change jobs spend it rather than put it in a new retirement plan.
Under Mrs. Dole's plan,'' a worker's former employer would be required to transfer pension savings to the worker's new pension plan or to an Individual Retirement Account.
''We, as a nation, consume too much and save too little,'' Mrs. Dole said, adding that the change would ''insure that workers can continue to achieve tax-free buildup on more of their retirement savings.''
More People Changing Jobs
Each year, one in five working Americans changes jobs and one in 10 changes careers, Mrs. Dole said. Some experts predict the average worker will soon hold up to 10 jobs before retiring, she said.
''The days of working for one employer for 30 to 40 years are now the exception and not the rule,'' she said.
Mrs. Dole also called for the expansion of pension coverage for employees of small businesses.
Businesses with fewer than 25 workers, often unable to provide complicated pension plans, now may let their employees participate in a program that allows workers to defer up to nearly $8,000 of their pre-tax salary by contributing it to Individual Retirement Accounts.
Mrs. Dole is proposing that the program be expanded to businesses with 50 or fewer workers, which she said would allow 5.5 million more workers to be covered.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: To survive the rigors of higher education, college students are packing some high-tech gadgetry into their luggage this fall. A survey of campuses nationwide indicates that most students are taking enough stereos, computers, refrigerators and television sets to make their rooms pass for appliance stores.
To survive the rigors of higher education, college students are packing some high-tech gadgetry into their luggage this fall. A survey of campuses nationwide indicates that most students are taking enough stereos, computers, refrigerators and television sets to make their rooms pass for appliance stores.
Technology is spreading like ivy through academia, rendering manual typewriters and, often, reference materials useless. Many students are bringing computers to campus - the Apple Macintosh and I.B.M. Personal Computer seem to be favorites. The compleat scholar has also purchased spelling-check software to catch spelling errors or has bought hand-held spelling ''calculators'' and electronic foreign language dictionaries.
''Five years ago in a class I might have received two or three computer-written papers,'' said Frank Borchardt, a professor of German at Duke University. ''Today, every paper I receive has been word-processed.'' Phone Answering Machines
Parents, whose own college survival kits might have included a small radio or manual typewriter, have learned that their offspring need laptop computers, ''boom box'' radios, portable telephones and high-fidelity compact-disk players to achieve social parity with their peers. Answering machines, particularly Phone Mate, with a call-back function to retrieve messages, and facsimile machines constitute some of the other basics of college life.
''I need the computer because it makes all-nighters easier to pull,'' said Jeri Ann Baker, a senior at Tulane University majoring in linguistics, ''and without the answering machine, no one would ever know what was going on because no one is ever home.''
The contemporary college survival kit only begins there.
Refrigerators, once a luxury, are now a necessity for virtually all. A small cube-shaped refrigerator to tuck in a corner or under a bed costs $80 to $120 to buy, or $40 a year to rent. But Cornell University spares most of its students the expense since most dormitory rooms and apartments are refrigerator-equipped. 'Hard to Screw Up'
Other ''must haves'' for the dorm room include microwave ovens, toaster ovens, popcorn poppers and hot pots, used to prepare quick meals like soup and frozen trays of pizza or macaroni and cheese. ''Lots of instant food that's hard to screw up is what keeps me alive,'' said David Kaiser of Princeton, N.J., a senior at Georgetown University.
Cheryl Franklin, a senior majoring in psychology at the University of California at Los Angeles, prefers rice cakes and popcorn. ''They're easy to eat when you're studying,'' she said. ''When you get up tight or stressed out, you can wear off the stress by chewing really hard.''
''Old reliables,'' like alarm clocks and bicycles, are still bulwarks of college life. But these have been updated. Newer clocks project the time on the ceiling and feature snooze buttons, for scholars seeking a few more minutes of sleep, and the option of alarm or radio wake-up signals.
Increasingly, mountain bikes and mopeds are taking the 10-speed bike's place as the hot wheels on campus. ''I couldn't live without it,'' said Alan McClain, a junior English major at the University of Kansas, who drives an $800 mountain bike to class every day. ''It is my only transportation, plus it helps the environment.'' 'So Easy to Use'
The versatile compact-disk player is rapidly replacing turntables and cassette players. ''A CD is so easy to use,'' said John Fay, a senior majoring in electrical engineering at California State University in Los Angeles. ''I can play it in my car, walk around with it and then play it in my room.''
Facsimile machines are also finding their way into some college dorms. At U.C.L.A., Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity has installed a fax machine for the convenience of its brothers.
Following the dictum of sound mind, sound body, a number of students feel compelled to bring to school the exercise ethos of home and have packed weights and barbells in their campus kit; others are installing Soloflex exercise machines in their rooms.
Students have always needed a plentiful supply of clothes, to keep laundry days at bay - and not just any old clothes. This year, the survival closet contains faded jeans, ripped sweatshirts and men's boxer shorts. Accessories include Ray-Bans or Vuarnet sunglasses imported from France.
Of course, the contents of college survival kits are often governed by the size of the student's dorm room. ''I was going to bring my TV and VCR, but my dorm room was too small,'' said Erica Benisch, a freshman at University of Colorado at Boulder.
Elyse Bell, a senior majoring in religious studies at Colorado, said, ''I talked to my roommate before we moved in so we didn't duplicate any items and make the room too cluttered.''
Some students said they fear theft or abuse of their property and are leaving stereos and computers behind. Others note that with computers in classrooms and in dorms, why bother?
By contrast, credit cards -particularly telephone calling cards - are definite ''can't do withouts'' on campuses this year. So are water beds, double beds and futons - anything other than the standard-issue camp beds found in standard-issue dorm rooms. Little Touches of Home
Most students say it is the little touches of home that they cannot do without - photographs, carpets and plants, as well as down comforters, terry-cloth towels and, for many college women, teddy bears - especially Gund bears. Other necessities include backpacks, daily planners and birth-control devices.
Some students are sticking to the basic standbys of dorm-room decorating and are hauling to school milk crates, for storing clothing and textbooks, and colorful wall hangings, to make a personal statement. For women, posters announcing museum exhibits are popular, while many men prefer beer posters featuring scantily clad models.
''A neon beer sign is also a definite must-have,'' said Susan Boughner, a senior at Georgetown from Shaker Heights, Ohio. She advised: ''Girls love guys who have them.''  CAMPUS LIFE<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: A judge has dismissed libel complaints by a former chief medical examiner of New York City, Dr. Elliot Gross, against seven medical experts who were quoted in articles in The New York Times on allegations that Dr. Gross had mismanaged his office.
A judge has dismissed libel complaints by a former chief medical examiner of New York City, Dr. Elliot Gross, against seven medical experts who were quoted in articles in The New York Times on allegations that Dr. Gross had mismanaged his office.
The judge, Justice Elliott Wilk of State Supreme Court in Manhattan, said he had dismissed the complaints against the defendants because they were served notices of the suit improperly, were not subject to the court's jurisdiction or because they did not libel Dr. Gross.
The judge also dismissed Dr. Gross's complaint against two defendants whom he had accused of conspiring to drive him out his job.
Justice Wilk did not rule on that part of the complaint that accuses the Times and its employees of libel.
''This is a major step in the dismissal of the case and the ultimate vindication of The Times,'' said the Times's lawyer, Floyd Abrams. He said The Times had not decided when it would move to have the rest of the suit thrown out.
Dr. Gross could not be reached for comment.
He sued The Times after a series of articles was published beginning Jan. 27, 1985. The articles, based on about 250 interviews, addressed the performance of the Medical Examiner's office under Dr. Gross, focusing on the handling of several autopsies.
Dr. Gross said the articles accused him of ineptitude and misconduct, including wrongfully changing autopsy results and death certificates to protect the police or other authorities.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: President Reagan said today that he would call for greater religious freedom when he travels to the Soviet Union this month.
President Reagan said today that he would call for greater religious freedom when he travels to the Soviet Union this month.
Mr. Reagan made the promise to take up the issue during a human rights conference at the White House. He also met privately with former Soviet emigres, including Josef Begun, a campaigner for Jewish rights who was imprisoned for teaching Hebrew in the Soviet Union.
Mr. Reagan said there had been ''encouraging signs'' of progress on human rights in the Soviet Union, such as the Soviet decision to allow the printing of some Bibles. Plans Termed Insensitive
But Mr. Reagan's plans drew criticism from one American Ukrainian Catholic leader who said that the White House summit plans were insensitive to the concerns of Ukrainian Catholics.
The Ukrainian Catholic church has been outlawed by the Soviet Government, but it continues to exist in exile. Some Americans of Ukrainian descent say the Soviet authorities are suppressing the religious rights of Ukrainian Catholics and imposing a Russian character on the Ukrainian faith.
The Ukrainian Catholic prelate, Myroslav Cardinal Lubachivsky, an American who is based in the Vatican, told reporters here that he had asked Mr. Reagan at a meeting today to cancel plans to visit a monastery of the Russian Orthodox Church.
''The symbolism of this event would lend credence to the atheistic Kremlin's usurping of the 1,000-year-old Ukrainian Christian legacy,'' the Cardinal said.
Secretary of State George P. Shultz also promised that the Administration would continue to press human rights issues. He made his remarks in an address to the National Conference on Soviet Jewry at the State Department. Level of Jewish Emigration
Mr. Shultz said that there had been some modest improvements in the human rights situation in the Soviet Union but he stressed that Moscow had not done enough.
He said the level of Jewish emigration had increased slightly. In the last two months, the average level of Jewish emigration has been about 1,000, Mr. Shultz said. This is a modest increase from the monthly level of about 700 early in the year. It is the highest monthly total since May 1981, according to State Department officials.
The level of Jewish emigration reached 8,155 in all of 1987. In 1986, a total of 914 Jews were allowed to emigrate from the Soviet Union.
Mr. Shultz said that although the Administration was pleased with the improvement in Jewish emigration, the totals were small compared with the 1970's. Jewish emigration from the Soviet Union reached a peak in 1979, when 51,320 Jews left the Soviet Union.
Mr. Shultz also said the Administration had pressed Moscow to speed the processing of emigration applications.
According to State Department officials, the Russians have said that under a new system employees who deal with classified information will be informed in advance of how their access to the material would affect their prospects for emigration.
According to Mr. Shultz, the Soviet authorities said they would establish a system of ''time limits.'' A Soviet citizen who is granted access to ''state secrets'' would be told in advance how many years would have to elapse after his access to this information had ceased before he could emigrate.
Richard Schifter, Assistant Secretary of State for human rights and humanitarian affairs, said Soviet officials had indicated that they would tolerate religious education for adults. But Mr. Schifter said there was no indication that the Soviet Government was prepared to change its policy on religious education for young people. This policy is that religious instruction outside the home for young people is not allowed.
Meanwhile, the National Conference on Soviet Jewry announced that it would hold a religious service and vigil in Helsinki, Finland, on May 27 and 28 to publicize the plight of Soviet Jews.
President Reagan has been invited to a Friday night service at a synogogue in Helsinki.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst Inc., the Texas buyout firm, agreed late today to acquire the Lin Television Corporation for $1.45 billion, plus $260 million in assumed debt. The acquisition, the firm's biggest to date, accelerates the consolidation of the television industry that was made possible by Congress's removal of many ownership restrictions early last year.
Hicks, Muse already looms large in radio broadcasting, having agreed in February to join with the Evergreen Media Corporation to form the nation's second-largest radio broadcaster, the Chancellor Media Corporation.
''Hicks is really amassing a media empire here,'' said Drew Marcus, an analyst with Alex. Brown & Sons, adding that in television and radio there are major advantages of scale.
The price Hicks, Muse is paying -- $47.50 a share -- is less than today's closing price of $48.625 for Lin Television. Analysts said that because AT&T, which owns 45 percent of Lin Television, had announced in December that it planned to sell the broadcaster by 1998, investors had bid the shares up in anticipation. Some analysts had predicted a sales price by a deadline early next year of more than $50.
Lin Television, based in Providence, R.I., was spun off in 1994 in connection with the AT&T Corporation's acquisition of Lin's controlling investor, McCaw Cellular Communications.
Lin Television's holdings include eight network affiliates, one of which is the NBC affiliate in Dallas. The company also provides services for four other stations.
Thomas O. Hicks, the buyout firm's chairman and chief executive, said he planned to use Lin Television as the basis of further acquisitions. ''We've got a fantastic platform,'' he said in an interview last night. ''The opportunity to buy and build, to create scale in the television industry, is early in its development.''
In a deal that also includes the $122.5 million acquisition of a station AT&T owns in Grand Rapids, Mich., Hicks, Muse plans to invest about $600 million in cash and borrow the remaining $1.2 billion.
AT&T said the sale, the latest in a series including AT&T Capital and AT&T Submarine Systems, was another effort to improve its focus. ''The decision to sell Lin Television is part of our aggressive effort to insure that AT&T's portfolio includes only businesses central to our communications services strategy,'' said Daniel E. Somers, AT&T's chief financial officer.
Hicks, Muse plans to have Lin Television keep its name, its headquarters and its management.
Lin operates stations in Indianapolis; New Haven; Hartford; Buffalo; Norfolk and Portsmouth, Va.; Austin, Tex.; Fort Wayne, Ind., and Decatur, Ill.
In July, Lin and its Dallas station, KXAS, settled a defamation of character suit with Michael Irvin and Erik Williams of the Dallas Cowboys for at least $2 million. But in a deal of this size, Mr. Hicks said, ''That was a rounding error.'' He added that Lin's management team earns some of the best margins in the industry.
Hicks, Muse agreed to buy four smaller television stations last November for $160 million, and later another three for $45 million. It plans to hold them in a separate company, Sunrise Television.
Hicks, Muse said it would have Lin Television concentrate on the 50 largest markets, and Sunrise on the next 100 largest.
Companies that own many television stations can usually operate them less expensively and reach better deals with the networks. Several other acquisitions have been done since Congress removed limits on how many stations one company could own. Most buyers, however, have paid somewhat more than the 12 times this year's cash flow that Hicks Muse is paying.
Mr. Hicks said he was paying a discount to Lin Television's market price only because some investors overestimated its value. ''The arbitrage community is very aggressive,'' he said, referring to those who bet on takeovers. ''They sometimes are right, they sometimes are wrong. In this case, they overestimated what happened.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>FEW new products from Detroit in recent years have provoked as much curiosity on Wall Street as the Chrysler Corporation's midsized models, code-named L/H and set to be sold as the Dodge Intrepid, Eagle Vision and Chrysler Concorde.
Accordingly, several financial analysts took the unusual step this week of attending the L/H debut in Rancho Santa Fe, Calif., held principally for automotive journalists.
The debut, held in three sessions to accommodate everyone, consisted of technical briefings by Chrysler executives and test drives of Intrepids, Visions and Concordes over several hundred miles through horse country and the 112-degree heat of Borrego Springs, Calif.
Cars made by competitors were available, too. So analysts and reviewers could drive a $19,000 Intrepid for a while, and then switch to a $30,000 Acura Legend to see how they compared.
Too often in the past, Chrysler cars compared poorly.
Hobbled by rock-bottom credit ratings and unfinanced pension liabilities of some $4 billion, Chrysler now needs a "home run" car to restore financial stability and confidence. The Ford Motor Company -- and its common stock -- received just such a lift in the mid-80's when its Taurus and Sable midsized models became smash hits.
Analysts were optimistic when they saw hand-built L/H prototypes last year. But they were eager to assess how L/H's built on production tooling compared with cars like the Taurus, Toyota Camry and the Legend, which are competitive on either size or price. They were also keen to hear professional judgments of automotive reviewers, because their recommendations often shape consumers' early buying patterns.
"Certainly some cars the reviewers love don't sell well," said Jerry G. Paul, automotive analyst for Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, which owns about 20 million Chrysler shares. "But it's a lot easier for a car to sell well if they love it than if they don't."
The reaction of Kathy Hamilton, senior editor of Automobile magazine, seemed to exemplify what most automotive writers were saying: "The consensus was that this is an exceptional automobile. It definitely was major league, in my opinion, and the first American car I've seen in a long time that you could call state of the art."
Reviews of the L/H cars will begin appearing next week; the cars will trickle into dealerships during August and September and become more readily available later in the fall.
Chrysler executives say the L/H proves they have been able to restructure their development process from a hierarchical system to a team system, in the manner of the best of their Japanese competitors.
Most of the 22 automotive analysts tracked by Zaks Investment Research in Chicago are already recommending either a full-fledged buy or a buy-hold on Chrysler stock. The main reason for the buy signal is that the economy is in an early phase of recovery, which usually spells price appreciation for the cyclical automotive stocks. But if the L/H succeeds "it could give the stock an especially strong tailwind," Mr. Paul said.
Analysts warn that Chrysler must still prove it can maintain the quality of the L/Hs's when the assembly line cranks up to speed. And the economy must grow robustly enough to provide buyers. Given those caveats, the L/H could once more turn Chrysler stock into a great turnaround story.
Harvey Heinbach, Merrill Lynch's automotive analyst, said that driving the L/H and listening to reviewers extol its virtues reinforced his confidence in the No. 3 auto maker. If Chrysler sells 225,000 L/H's annually, pretax profit could top $1.1 billion, he estimated, representing a gross profit of $5,000 a car -- about what Chrysler earned during its best years from its highly profitable mini-van.
The depressed price of Chrysler stock during the last two years reflects the auto maker's recent earnings performance: break-even in 1990 followed by a $795 million loss last year. But unlike Ford and the General Motors Corporation, Chrysler's balance sheet remains scarred by its near-bankruptcy in the early 1980's. The auto maker can no longer borrow money in public credit markets.
In December, when Chrysler was forced to raise $350 million of new equity, its common stock was selling for roughly $10 a share. That compared with a peak of $48 a share just before the market crash of 1987. Yesterday, shares closed at $18.50, down 62.5 cents.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The United States Embassy began a voluntary evacuation of American citizens from throughout Saudi Arabia today after the Scud missile attack Friday night that killed one person and wounded more than 30.
American diplomats and embassy officials here also received temporary pay increases that included a 25 percent premium for dangerous duty.
The evacuation covering Americans throughout the kingdom is a significant expansion of a voluntary departure program covering only the Eastern Province that was begun by the State Department on Sunday. The expansion was also a departure from previous guidelines, under which United States officials sought to minimize the Iraqi military threat to Americans living in central Arabia and points south of the border provinces.
The "low-key approach," as one Western diplomat called it, differed from that of other Western embassies, virtually all of which encouraged dependents and nonessential workers to leave. The American policy was aimed at reassuring the Saudi Government and avoiding panic among Saudi citizens.  Many Head for Jidda
"It was pretty absurd," said a European diplomat. "The American Embassy was telling its people that there was no Scud danger to Riyadh as buildings were literally shaking around us."
Saudis needed no guidance from their Government today. After Friday night's attack, a steady stream of vehicles were seen leaving the city for Jidda, beyond Scud range. Mecca and Medina, the two cities holy to Muslims, are also popular destinations, since Saudis say that President Saddam Hussein would never dare attack them.
Embassy officials were known to have pressed Washington for weeks to change the State Department's limited travel advisory. Washington repeatedly rejected those requests until pressure from the 16,000-strong American community overcame Administration objections.
Daily flights from Dhahran began on Jan. 20, three days after commercial air service was canceled. An American official said about 850 Americans and 40 Canadians had left through Dhahran on a total of 18 Military Airlift Command flights, and passengers were brought to military bases in Spain and Germany.
Embassy officials said today's flight from the capital would accommodate 50 passengers and that a waiting list had been compiled containing 200 more names.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A day after ending merger talks with Electronic Data Systems, the Sprint Corporation confirmed today that it was negotiating a multibillion-dollar alliance with the state-owned telephone companies of France and Germany.
Although Sprint would not discuss specific figures, people familiar with the discussions said that France Telecom and Deutsche Telekom were seeking to invest a total of about $4 billion in Sprint, the third-largest American long-distance carrier.
The goal of such an alliance, for all sides, is to develop a package of communication services for corporations that do business on both continents. British Telecommunications is investing $4.3 billion in MCI Communications, the nation's second-largest long-distance carrier, and the two companies plan to market global services jointly. AT&T, the long-distance leader in the United States, has been seeking European partners, without success so far.
The European companies, for their part, are girding for increased competition, because the European Union plans to let the telephone companies of its member nations vie with one another beginning in 1998.  Forging Global Links
Sprint has been seeking alliances in Europe for several years, not only to provide services on the Continent but also to achieve the financial and marketing influence it needs to compete for the fast-growing market in international voice and data communications around the world.
In a brief statement, Sprint declined to disclose the details of the proposed deal, except to say that the two European companies were talking about acquiring a new class of Sprint's common stock and would want to be represented on the board of directors.
Sprint said the parties had "reached concurrence on many principles," but added that some issues remained unresolved. "There is no certainty that agreement will be reached or that any transaction would be consummated," it said.
American law prohibits foreign companies from acquiring more than 25 percent of any Sprint operations that use the airwaves -- such as the cellular telephone business, which requires radio licenses from the Federal Communications Commission. But analysts said Sprint could evade the issue by selling a stake just in its international communications venture or in its fiber-optic-based domestic long-distance network.
Berge Ayvazian, a telecommunications analyst for the Yankee Group, a consulting firm in Boston, predicted that Sprint would eventually attract several other foreign partners.
"Sprint has been holding these discussions with other companies," he said. "At this stage of the discussions, what they're talking about is a minority investment. But I believe that ultimately several investors will join who will add up to substantial investments." Rise of Networking Alliances
Slowly but surely, the world's biggest telecommunications carriers are coalescing into a few huge alliances to market global corporate networking services. In Europe, for example, France Telecom and Deutsche Telekom have already formed Eunetcom, which currently provides long-distance communications. And the public telephone companies of Sweden, the Netherlands and Switzerland have formed a consortium called Unisource.
The AT&T Corporation has formed its own consortium, called World Partners, which includes telecommunications companies in Japan, Singapore, Australia and New Zealand.
In Europe, AT&T has been seeking alliances with various companies, including France Telecom and Deutsche Telekom, but has been thwarted by concerns among the companies and European regulators that AT&T's size would allow it to dominate any partnership. Still, AT&T executives have said they want to establish alliances throughout Europe by the end of the year.
For Sprint, the search for foreign partners coincides with a broader strategic realignment. The aborted merger with E.D.S. was an attempt to solidify its position in corporate networking.  Talk With Regional Bells
And within the United States, Sprint has also been in discussions with several regional Bell companies about the possibility of pooling cellular telephone interests. As envisioned, Sprint would provide the network tying the different cellular operations into a national network.
"I definitely think it will happen," Kenneth Leon, a telecommunications analyst at Lehman Brothers, said of the Bell negotiations. A big wireless move by Sprint could be hastened, he said, if the company gets a large cash infusion from new investors like the French and German phone companies.  BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: To The Living Section:
To The Living Section:
In a recent De Gustibus column  [ ''When Ordering, Watch Your Language,'' Sept. 6 ] , Molly O'Neill refers to the multiplicity of terms for a carbonated beverage. She says residents of New England and other parts of the eastern United States refer to a carbonated beverage as ''soda.''
Let me add to the confusion of terminology by stating unequivocally that many, if not all, natives of the Boston area refer to the aforementioned beverage as ''tonic'' (pronounced locally as tawnic).
Being a former New Yorker, I find this strange, if not downright absurd. Everyone knows that tonic is the tart mixer served with gin or the celery-flavored drink that quintessentially quenches the thirst produced by eating pastrami on rye.
In addition, I seem to recall the use of the term ''phosphate'' to denote a flavored carbonated drink, as in ''chocolate phosphate.'' How widespread this usage was or remains is, unfortunately, something I am unable to answer. STEVEN BAUMHOLTZ  Boston<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Gertrude Simon Kosting, a health-care worker and the president of the Huxley Institute of Connecticut, died of an embolism on Tuesday at Norwalk (Conn.) Hospital. She was 84 years old and lived in Weston, Conn.
Gertrude Simon Kosting, a health-care worker and the president of the Huxley Institute of Connecticut, died of an embolism on Tuesday at Norwalk (Conn.) Hospital. She was 84 years old and lived in Weston, Conn.
Mrs. Kosting was one of the founders of the Connecticut chapter of the Huxley Institute, which provides information and counseling on health-related matters. For the last 15 years, she served as president of the institute, organizing seminars and lectures on nutrition and biochemical disorders like schizophrenia, alcoholism and drug addiction.
A graduate of Adelphi University, she is survived by a daughter, Sarah Petlin of Manhattan; a son, William, of Newton, Conn.; a brother, Dr. Bernard Simon of Manhattan, and two grandchildren.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>By pure luck, no one was hurt when a sinkhole big enough to swallow a truck opened on Main Street at the start of rush hour yesterday evening, officials said.
It's a huge cave-in," said Deputy Fire Chief Richard Carucci. "I don't know where the dirt went." After the collapse, part of Main Street just west of the Bergen County Courthouse was closed and 70 people were evacuated from nearby apartments.
NEW JERSEY DAILY BRIEFING<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>If CONRAD McRAE loses his two-pronged fight to play for Syracuse, the 6-foot-10-inch junior center could end up playing for the University of Kentucky.
Wildcat coach RICK PITINO said he was pursuing McRae, and The Syracuse Herald-Journal said that if McRae failed to win the right to play for Syracuse he would probably visit the Kentucky campus before the end of the year. (AP)  SPORTS PEOPLE: BASKETBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Carlos Lessa, the president of the National Bank of Economic and Social Development in Brazil, resigned after repeatedly clashing in public with several cabinet members over economic policy. Mr. Lessa, a left-wing economist and former university provost, will be succeeded by Guido Mantega, left, the planning minister and a longtime adviser to President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva. Mr. Lessa's resignation, which was widely expected, was a victory for the finance minister, Antonio Palocci, whose conservative fiscal policies Mr. Lessa had harshly criticized. The development bank, which finances industrial and development projects, has an annual budget of more than $12 billion. Nelson Machado, the planning ministry's executive secretary, will fill Mr. Mantega's post until a successor is named.
Todd Benson (NYT)<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Selective Service officials, you report (news article, Feb. 4), say that "no special preparations have been made" to reinstitute the military draft. You present no evidence opposed to the official view.
However, documentation that this is simply not true arrived in my mail last week. My hometown quarterly, Fair Haven Newsletter, contained the following notice:
"The Mayor has received a letter from the United States Selective Service requesting a list of volunteers to serve on the draft board in the event the crisis in the Middle East requires the institution of a draft."
If this does not constitute special preparations, I'm not sure what would. PATRICIA ARVIDSON  Fair Haven, N.J., Feb. 4, 1991<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>OSTERN-Beatrice Gross. On Sunday, July 11, 1999, at her residence in Sewickley Heights, PA. Former Human Resource Consultant for the May Company. Wife of Wilhelm C. Ostern, step-mother of Karen Ostern of Berlin, Germany; Ellen Ostern of Portland, OR and Wilhelm L. Ostern of Seattle, WA. Also survived by her step-mother Ralphine Gross of New York City; two grandchildren, Nora and Sophia Pauschinger; an aunt and uncle, Mr. and Mrs. Martin Gelenter of Silver Spring, MD; also her devoted dog, ''Biscuit.'' There will be no visitation. A private interment will be held at a later date. Memorial contributions are suggested in her name to the Pittsburgh AIDS Task Force, C/O Joseph Costa, 905 West Street, 4th floor, Pittsburgh, PA 15221-2833. For more information contact the Richard D. Cole Funeral Home, 328 Beaver Street, Sewickley, PA. 15143, Phone 412-741-4334.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>There are many problems with American elections, but none more serious than the rise of paperless electronic voting, whose results cannot be trusted. Grass-roots reformers are in the middle of a two-day lobbying blitz on Capitol Hill in support of a House bill that would require that electronic voting machines in federal elections produce voter-verifiable paper records. It is an important measure that should be passed without delay.
Electronic voting has been rolled out nationwide without necessary safeguards. The machines' computers can be programmed to steal votes from one candidate and give them to another. There are also many ways hackers can break in to tamper with the count. Polls show that many Americans do not trust electronic voting in its current form; such doubts are a serious problem in a democracy.
The solution is to require that each machine produce a paper record that can be inspected and verified by the voter. The paper records are then stored, and can be counted after the polls close. If the results on the machine do not match the tally of the paper records, it will be clear that there is a problem.
The states have taken the lead on electronic voting reform. Nineteen states have paper-trail requirements, including major states like California and Ohio. But a federal law is still badly needed. Any state can cast the deciding electoral votes in a presidential election. Voters across the country are entitled to know that the president was elected on machines that can be trusted.
The House resolution, sponsored by Rush Holt, a New Jersey Democrat, would require not only paper trails, but also random audits of the machines' vote counts, and it would ban the use of undisclosed software. The bill, H.R. 550, has 135 co-sponsors, but it needs more support, especially from Republicans.
The lobbying effort that wraps up today -- which is supported by groups like Common Cause and the Electronic Frontier Foundation -- is aimed at winning that backing. Every member of Congress who cares about American democracy should get behind Mr. Holt's bill.
Editorial<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: New York City is a long way from the country, but that doesn't stop some of New York's best bar bands from twanging their own kind of down-home music - high-octane honky-tonk that adds a modern urban kick to old-fashioned rockabilly. At the Lone Star Roadhouse on Wednesday night, Roscoe's Gang and the World Famous Blue Jays shared a bill of New York country-rock.
New York City is a long way from the country, but that doesn't stop some of New York's best bar bands from twanging their own kind of down-home music - high-octane honky-tonk that adds a modern urban kick to old-fashioned rockabilly. At the Lone Star Roadhouse on Wednesday night, Roscoe's Gang and the World Famous Blue Jays shared a bill of New York country-rock.
Roscoe's Gang is an occasional project for Eric Ambel, the guitarist, songwriter and occasional lead singer of the Del-Lords. Mr. Ambel has a high tenor voice, like a pushier Neil Young; with Roscoe's Gang he sings his own songs and obscure favorites like Bob Dylan's ''If You Gotta Go'' and Swamp Dogg's ''Total Destruction to Your Mind,'' arranged with a Rolling Stones-like swagger.
On Wednesday, the Gang included Warner Hodges, the lead guitarist for the Nashville band Jason and the Scorchers; he and Mr. Ambel traded lead and rhythm parts that were all sinew. Most of his songs are about romances wrecked by dishonesty, and Mr. Ambel, whether wronged or in the wrong, always sounds like he's willing to try one more time.
The World Famous Blue Jays may be from New York, where traffic rarely moves faster than 40 miles an hour, but their songs imagine them in the cab of an 18-wheel truck speeding down an endless Interstate. The four-man band plays a lean, aggressive update of Dave Dudley-style trucker songs - especially their current single, 'Good Morning, Mr. Trucker,'' in which the singer declares, ''It's not that I like driving -it's the only thing I can do.''
When the songs move away from the road, they become pensive, but most of the time they go barreling along, topped by the wiry lead lines of Jay Sherman-Godfrey. Jeremy Tepper sings in a hearty baritone that determinedly avoids sounding like Johnny Cash, and he gives new life to country's myth of the trucker as a homesick wanderer.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Richard Avedon has spent the last 40-plus years trying to get across to his audience that what counts in a photograph is what is visible in a photograph. How long must we wait for people to look at his photographs closely and write about what they see?
I suspect that we will have to wait for his death. Without his frequently overwhelming presence, the enormousness of his contribution to photography will become apparent. He alone distilled the medium to its limit and frequently beyond. His best portraits are what the Seagram Building is to architecture: the ultimate manifestation of modernism.  NEIL SELKIRK  New York<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>International A2-13  RUSSIANS CLAIM VICTORY  After weeks of bombing, Russian troops smashed the symbol of Chechen resistance and hoisted a Russian flag over the collapsed hulk of the presidential palace in the heart rebel region's capital. A1  JAPAN DEATH TOLL PASSES 4,000  The death toll from the huge earthquake that devastated Kobe passed 4,000 as 275,000 homeless people huddled in public buildings and other shelters, their shock giving way to discontent and even despair. A1  QUAKE'S IMAGES HAUNT TOKYO  With Japan transfixed by the horrifying images of toppled buildings and raging fires in Kobe, the almost universal question in Tokyo is: What if it had happened here? A12  PROTEST IN SOUTHERN MEXICO  Supporters of Mexico's governing party shut down offices and transportation in the state of Tabasco to protest an agreement to hold new state elections. A3  Israel plans to limit building by settlers on the West Bank. A2  Peru's President takes his wife's hunger strike in stride. A3  Nobel laureate Elie Wiesel says he will attend Auschwitz rites. A5  Rome Journal: Strife breaks out over 200,000 stray cats.  A4  National A14-26  NAFTA WARS, THE SEQUEL  The President's program to rescue Mexico's economy has reopened trade-agreement battles in a more isolationist Congress.  A1  CLINTON LOOKS TO SURVIVOR  Harold Ickes, the longest-serving deputy chief of staff in the Clinton White House, will be central to the next Presidential campaign.  A1  DEMOCRATS PLAY DEFENSE  The Senate's new minority in the blocked the Republicans on one of the first major procedural votes of the new Congress.  A1  BOOK DEALS AT 20 PACES  Speaker Newt Gingrich defended his book deal by attacking Vice President Al Gore's book on the environment.  A24  HEARINGS ON PBS CUTS  A House Appropriations subcommittee began hearings on whether to continue the Federal subsidy for public broadcasting.  A22  A VOW TO RALLY DEMOCRATS  Senator Christopher Dodd, the new Democratic Party leader, vowed that the Democrats would recover from the Nov. 8 elections.  A22  MARRIED BUT NOT IMMUNE  Puerto Rican women have one of the United States' highest rates of heterosexual H.I.V. transmission and pose a tough challenge.  A14  N.A.A.C.P. SPLIT GOES TO COURT  Officials with the civil rights group asked a Federal court for an independent audit of the organization's finances in a move intended to weaken the board chairman.  A16  Law A27  People v. Simpson: Johnnie L. Cochran Jr., for the defense. Metro Digest B1  COUNCIL BACKS POLICE MONITOR  Defying Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, the City Council voted yesterday to create an independent agency to monitor the police and guard against corruption.  A1  CAR DEALER'S CHANGING FORTUNES  Though he admitted bilking General Motors out of $436 million and faces hundreds of angry creditors, John McNamara has not spent a day in prison and continues to live comfortably on Long Island.  A1  Business Digest D1  Weekend C1-30  An excursion to lower Manhattan.  C1  The Winter Antiques Show goes back to its roots.  C1  For Children C25  Theater: On Stage, and Off C2  Film: "Murder in the First." C3  "Germany Year 90 Nine Zero." C8  "S.F.W." C8  "Strawberry and Chocolate." C14  "Bad Company." C21  Dance: At play with the past.  C1  Restaurants C22  Photography: Bikers and prisoners.  C24  Art: The Brazilian avant-garde.  C28  Art in Review C28  An unsung museum.  C27  Books: Irving Berlin biography, by his daughter.  C30  Television: Home Video D18  Sports B9-16  Baseball: Orioles owner refuses to field a replacement team.  B9  Basketball: This time, Starks leads Knicks over Rockets.  B9  Columns: Araton on coaching burnout.  B9  Hockey: Messier talks down to the wire.  B9  Track: Women pole vaulters.  B9  Obituaries B7-8  Editorials/Op-Ed A28-29  Editorials  The ugly side of a tax cut.  Cataclysm in Kobe.  Gingrich's halfway measures.  Karl E. Meyer: Prussia.  Letters  Anthony Lewis: "We are on course."  A. M. Rosenthal: The nuclear smugglers.  Ronald I. McKinnon: Flood of dollars, sunken pesos.  Neediest Cases B2  Chronicle B7  Crossword C30<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>In the stillness of the frozen prairie, David Gasal walked along the snowy wheat fields with his constant companion, a rust-colored dog named Snickers, and ruminated about sunsets and songbirds and loneliness.
"I like to listen to the blue jays and watch the sunsets," said the 40-year-old farmer. "I like the quiet, too. I just wish I had somebody to share  it with."
As women have become scarce in rural America, drawn to bigger towns and cities for careers, the men left behind on farms are facing a difficult time finding marriage partners. This epidemic of bachelorhood has led some towns, like Herman, Minn., to advertise their surplus of marriageable men in hope of attracting female suitors.
To help lonely hearts on the farm, several singles directories have emerged for rural people. One, published by Farm Journal earlier this year, drew more than 4,300 entries, nearly double the number in a similar directory published by the magazine a decade earlier.
"We had assumed -- evidently wrongly -- that rural America had become less isolated due to the explosion in communication technology," said Karen Freiberg, the managing editor of Farm Journal. "In matters of the heart, just the opposite appears to be occurring."
In Farm Journal's directory, about 77 percent of the entries came from men. In urban areas' dating directories, women typically outnumber men by a wide margin. Indeed, finding a decent, eligible man in his late 30's or early 40's, some women say, is about as easy as winning the lottery.
But in the remote corners of America, there is a good man or two left. Mr. Gasal, a fourth-generation farmer, seems to be one of them. A patient, well-spoken man with blue eyes and the rugged physique of a football player, at  6 feet 3 inches and 215 pounds, he does not smoke cigarettes, chew tobacco or take drugs. He frequents the church more often than the saloon. He takes good care of his mother. He even gave shelter to Snickers, who had been abused and abandoned. He is interested in art and photography and belongs to the Audubon Society. "I don't hunt animals," he said. "I would rather take pictures of them."
What does the bachelor farmer hope to find in a woman?
"Well, I don't care about hair color, as long as it's not dyed something weird," Mr. Gasal said. "Also, I wouldn't feel comfortable with someone who was  interested in body-piercing. And, I guess it would be nice if they're not really grossly overweight."
He would like to meet a woman willing to live on a farm. It would be nice if  she would want to help run it. But if she wanted a career other than agriculture, he said, that would suit him just fine, too.
"Sometimes, I think the city gals find the farming life more appealing, since they sometimes have romantic ideas about it," Mr. Gasal said. "The gals who grew up in the country, they know a little too much about the struggles and hardship."
In fact, after Farm Journal compiled its directory, the magazine got a barrage of calls and letters from women in cities who complained that they would have liked a chance to participate in the directory in the hopes of meeting a nice farmer.
Mr. Gasal has lived all of his life on the farm, but has traveled throughout  much of the United States. With other members of an art appreciation class he took at nearby Jamestown College a few years ago, he visited New York and was impressed by the art galleries in SoHo, the plays on Broadway, the architecture.
But he felt a bit uncomfortable that people in the big city did not make eye  contact or make small talk, the way they do back home.
"I was walking up Broadway, and saying 'Hi' to people as I passed them," he said. "And some people looked back at me like, What are you, nuts? I don't know  you."
As he neared 40, it started to bother Mr. Gasal that he might never find a partner.
"I don't want to be a bachelor, sitting around by myself," he said. "I'd really like to share my life with somebody. Maybe have kids. Have someone carry  on my name, maybe even carry on the farm."
He lives in a 96-year-old farmhouse with his mother, Lois, who is also eager  for him to marry.
"It's time, David," she has told him more than once.
"It's not as easy as it seems, Mom," he has replied.
A generation ago and more, there were many more farm families, and more ways  for people to get to know each other. There were barn dances, church picnics, card parties. Most of that has gone by the wayside.
In Farm Journal's directory, the biggest share of entries came from Iowa, followed by Illinois. But there were bachelor farmers from Canada and all but two states, Rhode Island and Hawaii. The oldest entrant was an 88-year-old man from Indiana.
A 32-year-old from North Carolina wrote that he liked "fishing, hunting and car races." A divorced 52-year-old from Ohio signed himself, "Lonely." A 35-year-old man from North Dakota listed his interests as "motorcycles and guns," while a 48-year-old from that state listed "left-wing politics."
Dennis White, 36, a dairyman in Nashua, Iowa, had started to despair of his chances of finding the right woman. Two blind dates had gone badly when the women, both Iowans, learned he was a farmer.
"The agricultural connection was a turnoff," Mr. White said. "I guess they thought I'd be too tied down."
About the same time, Deb Renning, a 38-year-old dairywoman from Clarksville,  Iowa, about 12 miles from Nashua, was starting to lose hope. A sister and brother-in-law had talked Ms. Renning into submitting her name to the Farm Journal's directory. "What do you have to lose?" her sister asked.
When Ms. Renning got the listings last June, her eyes lit up when she saw the entry from nearby Nashua and wondered whether he might want to meet her. She did not have to wait long. That same day, a letter arrived from that very Nashua dairyman.
The two agreed to meet at an ice cream shop between their two towns, figuring they would talk for 5 or 10 minutes. They talked for 5 hours.
The two were to marry this weekend in Clarksville.
"We're going to honeymoon out West -- Iowa, that is," said Mr. White. "We're  going to stay at a nice little bed and breakfast, on a farm."<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The Catskill resort hotels, once known for ribald comedians, rubicund borscht and marathon games of Simon Says, are fast becoming centers for meditation, yoga and brown rice. And the nightclub singers and tummlers who once occupied their stages are giving way to gurus, swamis and other modern-day prophets.
The New Age has arrived with a vengeance in this mountain region a two-hour drive northwest of Manhattan, and with it have come controversies over what local residents call "outsiders and weirdos," and lawsuits, especially over the tax-exempt status of the new religious groups.
And while the Old Age still has a strong foothold -- best symbolized by the handful of big resort hotels that have maintained their attraction through the years, like Kutsher's, the Concord and the Villa Roma -- the signs of the New Age are everywhere. The Names Change, Too
Hotel signs that once read Brickman, Gilbert's and Windsor have been removed and replaced with signs for the sprawling Shree Muktananda Ashram. The ashram, a Hindu meditation center on the grounds of the three former kosher hotels in South Fallsburg, has room for 3,000 guests, followers of a spiritual leader affectionately known as Gurumayi, who begin their day at 5:30 A.M. with Sanskrit chants.
And on a hilltop in nearby Woodbourne, the Haywire Dude Ranch's shingle now reads the Yoga Ranch.
The shift in the Catskills is not only from borscht to brown rice. Drug-rehabilitation centers, homes for the mentally retarded and Orthodox yeshivas have also replaced some of the old hotels. The changes have happened so quickly that nostalgia here is not just for the old. Even 30- and 40-year-olds remember a very different Catskills.
Alan Barrish, the son of a maitre d'hotel and a waitress who spent their careers in the Catskills, is 43 and the town historian of Thompson, one of the 16 towns of Sullivan County, the heart of the Catskills. When asked what led to the change, Mr. Barrish says simply, "Assimilation and air-conditioning."
Since the late 1800's, Jewish immigrants and a smaller number of Italian and Irish city dwellers came to the Catskills to escape the summer heat and gather with people who would accept them -- namely, their own. But today the children of these immigrants have found few social barriers and can be found summering in the Hamptons and Barbados or the south of France.
Realizing they were losing their hold on a constituency, the Catskills hotels fought back in the 1970's and 1980's by introducing new menus (beyond kosher, pasta and corned beef and cabbage) and special weekends for singles and lovers of mysteries or country and western music.
At the same time, the New Age centers were getting a foothold in the area. But as the New Age centers grew, the old hotels continued their decline. While more than 300 resort hotels dotted the Catskills landscape in the 1950's, fewer than a dozen remain, said Mr. Barrish, who is also the director of the public library in Monticello, Sullivan's county seat. Isolationist Period
A fellow town historian, 39-year-old John Conway of Highland, said that in the last century the hotels have come "full circle." He noted that they began by catering exclusively to one group and then enjoyed a period of broadening when Jews, Italians and the Irish mingled in their swimming pools and lounges. Today, he said, "it seems like we're back to segregation," with groups once again gathering by special interest.
Examples abound. A few miles north of here in the town of Fremont, the Tennanah Lake House is now the Foundation for a Course in Miracles. Devotees at the turn-of-the century lakeside lodge study a scripture that they believe was dictated by Jesus to a middle-aged Jewish woman and serves as a correction to the Bible.
And a few miles to the south, in Cuddebackville, the sign for Deerpark Farms Resort has been papered over with the words Elat Chayyim. A Jewish retreat center, Elat Chayyim has been celebrating this summer everything from Hasidic thought and the feminine aspects of "the God/ dess" to vegetarianism and gay, lesbian and bisexual Jews.
Elat Chayyim, in its first year of operation, is a latecomer to the scene, but its sponsors believed it was needed in part because so many Jews were being drawn to the new Hindu and Christian centers. "We want to give them an option to explore what they found at the ashrams in a Jewish context," said the director of the center, Jeff Roth, a 40-year-old Reconstructionist rabbi.
One group that has kept coming steadily through all the transitions are Hasidic and other Orthodox Jews; they congregate in bungalow colonies and hotels by sect or Brooklyn neighborhood, virtually carrying entire communities here for the summer. On a drive through the Catskills, Mr. Barrish points to the telltale sign of the Orthodox summer community: a makeshift plywood wall surrounds the pool to guard the modesty of the swimmers from passers-by. Schools and Communities
Orthodox yeshivas have been buying up the old hotels by the dozen and creating year-round communities that accommodate adult male students and their wives and children, as well as Hasidic faculty and staff members and their families. Kiamesha Lake's Gibber Hotel is now being renovated to house the Viznitz Yeshiva for Boys, a Hasidic school. Beneath the bright gold and blue sign for the new school, passers-by can see the faded bottom line of an old Gibber sign that announces anachronistically: "Nite Club Open to the Public."
Along with the yeshivas and the ashrams have come drug-rehabilitation centers and homes for the mentally retarded. The agencies that operate these centers have found the old hotels provide a perfect environment to get their clients out of dangerous or temptation-filled cities. Mr. Barrish points them out: Paul's Hotel in Swan Lake is now Daytop Village, the Roxy in Loch Sheldrake is now New Hope and the Delmar in Liberty is now Redirections.
He also points to what he calls the "archeological ruins," like the dilapidated handball court of the abandoned Hotel Plaza in South Fallsburg. "This represents the transformation of a purely urban game to the country," he said. "No one here played handball until the city people came." Today, no one plays handball there at all; weeds and grass push up through the cracks in the concrete.
The burned and abandoned hotels have, of course, gone off the tax rolls. And so have the hotels that have become religious institutions and nonprofit group homes.
Under state law, churches, synagogues and other religious institutions are exempt from paying property taxes. Several of the Catskills towns have tried to deny religious exemption to the new groups. Some of the towns, like Fremont, argued that groups like the Foundation for a Course in Miracles were not legitimate religious institutions because they have no worship, clergy or rituals. Other towns, like South Fallsburg, did not argue that the groups were not legitimate but said that the exemption should be limited only to the community's temple, church or synagogue and not extend to residential and recreational areas.
In virtually every case, the state courts have ruled for the religious groups, upholding their full tax-exempt status. Earthly Burdens
Richard Kerbel, the town manager of Fallsburg, which includes South Fallsburg, said that the town would continue the litigation and appeals in the hope of "distributing the tax burden equally." He said that he was happy that the old hotels were given new life by the religious groups but troubled by the town's status as having one of the highest percentages of religious exemptions in the state. "It gives the yeshivas and the ashrams an unfair advantage," he said.
Representatives of the Muktananda Ashram argue that they are good citizens who make a real contribution to the community, even if they do not pay property taxes. They recently issued a four-page review of their community involvement that noted that they employed local contractors, patronized local merchants and stimulated the housing market and that they recently held a fund-raising dinner that raised $85,000 for a local hospital.
But at least one neighbor was not mollified. "It's a cult," said Eileen Revela, 40, who lives next door to the ashram. "I'd be happier with a burned-out shell." She said she was not impressed with the improvements that the ashram had made on its property, including the stunning new marble and glass temple or the four-story meditation mountain, which monks in traditional orange robes gravely ascend.
The ashram, Ms. Revela added, has added to the cost of police and fire protection, road maintenance, sewage treatment and sanitation. Since the ashram first started buying up property in the town in 1979, she said, her property taxes have tripled.
South Fallsburg's other ashram, whose full name is the Shivananda Sharam Yoga Ranch, has engendered less opposition. After opening in 1974, it did not continue buying up new land, as the Muktananda Ashram did, and it draws far fewer people, about a hundred a week rather than thousands. The head of the ashram, Swami Sankaranda, wore an orange sweatsuit as he offered Mr. Barrish and a visitor tea in the ashram's simple wooden temple.
The Swami, who was born to a Jewish family 42 years ago in South Africa, said that the religious retreat centers that now dot the Catskills serve a spiritual purpose that transcends any individual faith. "This is the heart of the old Borscht Belt, a place long dedicated to materialism," he said. There is a certain justice, he said, in using those same nightclubs where people danced the rhumba for meditation and those same dining rooms where people ate flanken for vegetarian food. "Maybe," he said, "we've come back to cleanse these mountains from the material world."<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: THE joke among Israeli farmers runs like this: A farmer goes to his rabbi and says, ''Rabbi, I have a terrible problem, my chickens are dying. What should I do?'' ''Feed them rice,'' says the rabbi. A few weeks later the farmer returns and says, ''Rabbi, my chickens are still dying. What should I do?
THE joke among Israeli farmers runs like this: A farmer goes to his rabbi and says, ''Rabbi, I have a terrible problem, my chickens are dying. What should I do?'' ''Feed them rice,'' says the rabbi. A few weeks later the farmer returns and says, ''Rabbi, my chickens are still dying. What should I do?'' ''Feed them potatoes,'' says the rabbi. A few more weeks pass and the weary farmer returns again, and says with a sigh: ''Rabbi, my chickens are still dying. Do you have any more ideas?''
''Ideas? I've got plenty of ideas,'' says the Rabbi, ''But do you have more chickens?''
As Israeli farmers see it, the Israeli Government and banks are the rabbis, freely dispensing advice and then watching - albeit with some pain - while more farmers collapse in debt.
Israel is now suffering through a farm crisis so complicated and enormous it would make Iowans stand up and take notice. Only a large-scale Government bailout will solve it.
The crisis is partly the result of Israel's attempt to buck the worldwide trend to larger farms and fewer farmers and partly the result of some colossal mismanagement by farmers, bankers and the government. It is also a classic example of how economic problems that are masked by a prolonged period of high inflation - when it doesn't matter if a business makes a profit, only how it manages money - become starkly apparent when an economy stabilizes.
''There is going to be a revolution in agriculture here,'' said Shimon Ravid, an official of the Histadruth labor union who is an expert on the crisis. ''Ten years from now there will be a totally different map to this country.''
At the center of the revolution are the semi-cooperative moshav farmers, who account for almost half of the country's annual agricultural production of $2.2 billion. The 27,000 families living on the 420 semicooperative moshav farms are intertwined in a $1.2 billion tangle of debts that would make the Gordian knot look like a bow tie. About half the debt was run up in the last two-and-a-half years. Three different groups supply Israel's agricultural production. Private farmers, both Arabs and Jews, account for about 10 percent. Another 40 percent comes from the 280 socialist kibbutz farms whose members share fields, homes and income.
The kibbutz way of life was not for everyone, so in the early 20th century a group of more capitalist-minded kibbutzniks broke off and started the moshav system. In most moshavs, each family has its own house and a three- or four-acre plot, which it farms for its own profit or loss.
But moshav members are united as a co-op for buying supplies, marketing products, providing community services - and raising capital from the banks. Under this system, every family guarantees the debts of all other moshav families and every moshav guarantees the debts of all other moshavs in its regional group.
These mutual guarantees are the key to understanding the current crisis, which traces its roots to the mid-1970's, when the global trend toward large mechanized farms with relatively few farmers began to pose a serious dilemma for Israel.
ISRAEL'S founders had always viewed agriculture as a way of life, not just a means of living. The notion of creating a ''new Jewish man'' by taking people out of the ghetto and putting them to work on the land was deeply embedded in the ethos of Zionism. At the same time, the Zionists needed self-sustaining agricultural communities to secure their hold on the land and to distribute immigrants around the country.
So the Government did all it could, through subsidies and cheap financing, to increase output from small plots to make it feasible for as many Israelis as possible to stay in agriculture - in an age when technological advances were making small-time farming a dwindling occupation.
The kibbutzim adjusted easily to the new age. They had large consolidated fields and could build businesses to absorb workers no longer needed on the farm. ''In America, people moved from the farm to the city, but here we could not afford that,'' said Mr. Ravid, ''So what the kibbutz did was move the city to the farm.''
The moshavs, however, failed to make the transition - because of internal problems and some financial mismanagment.
The internal problems grew out of the fact that few moshavs had the capital or the cohesion to start and run their own businesses, which put even more pressure on them to produce income from their small plots of land. The pressure built in the 1970's and 1980's, when the children of many moshav founders came of age and wanted to work in town but live near their parents in the attractive rural setting. This gradually weakened the co-op: It meant that some moshavniks were farmers needing regular bank financing and some were non-farmers who worked outside - but everyone was still responsible for everyone else's debts.
The financial mismanagement grew out of another development. Over the years, groups of moshavs had banded together to form regional co-ops, whose original purpose was to provide marketing facilities, cold storage and slaughter houses for 30 or 40 moshavs. But the banks gradually preferred to lend to regional co-ops, because of their size. The regionals would then re-lend to individual moshavniks, who were to pay off the loans out of their farm production.
The problem was that many regional co-ops were loosely managed: They passed out money without collateral and for almost any purpose. Not all of this easy money went into tractors and seed - as can be seen by the big American-style suburban houses and pools at many moshavs.
The regional co-ops, encouraged by the Government, also started borrowing to expand their economic enterprises and to pack their staffs. The banks lent to them freely - assuming, Mr. Ravid and others say, that if they got into trouble the Government would bail them out.
''The regional co-ops became a monster,'' said Ra'anan Naim, a leading member of the moshav movement from Ramot Naftali here in northern Israel. ''They lost touch with what they were created for and overtook their creators.''
Moreover, in the late 1970's, when inflation was rampant and loans were not indexed to inflation, many moshav farmers borrowed short term as much as they could and let inflation pay their debts. Even when short-term loans were indexed in the early 1980's, inflation moved so fast that real rates were often only 2 or 3 percent. ''Buy a herd and pay it off with a calf,'' was a popular slogan.
Then came July 1, 1985.
After a decade of high inflation, the Israeli Government introduced Draconian economic measures that froze wages and prices. Inflation succumbed, plummeting overnight to 2 percent a month from 20 percent.
Suddenly, the moshav farmers who had borrowed freely at rates of 15 or 20 percent a month when prices of their chickens or apples were rising at least as rapidly were stuck paying off loans at those rates with their crop prices frozen. Welcome to the world of 500 percent real interest rates.
Many moshavniks saw themselves as the main victims of the austerity plan. But Bank of Israel governor Michael Bruno argued: ''The economic stabilization program unearthed economic problems, but did not cause them. What the moshav crisis demonstrates is that once you stabilize, you reveal structural problems.''
The total moshav debt, a manageable $600 million on July 1, 1985, almost doubled in a year. Since many farmers could not make payments on time, interest piled up on interest; the $1.2 billion debt is now rising by about $650,000 every 24 hours.
Many regional co-ops defaulted, and the banks called on their member moshavs to honor the mutual guarantees and pay up. Then, said Gedalya Gal, secretary general of the moshav movement, ''it didn't matter whether your moshav was healthy, which many were, or sick; everyone was tied to everyone else's debts.''
As that became clear, things started to get ugly. ''It was everyone to his own tent,'' said Mr. Na'im. ''People started asking: 'Why should I be responsible for the parasites? Why should I pay for others' mistakes?' ''
Mr. Na'im's tightly run Moshav Ramot Naftali had not engaged in the festival of speculative borrowing and loose management. ''Today, we don't want anything from the Government but to be left alone,'' he said. ''All we ask is that they take our names off the loans of others. The regional co-op owes us $300,000. If we see 60 percent of that we will feel lucky.''
If they see 1 percent they will be lucky. Israel is not Iowa; the Government and the banks do not have the stomach for farm auctions. So in October 1986 the Government appointed Mr. Ravid to prepare a rescue plan with the banks and the moshavs.
The Ravid Report, presented in February and still being debated, called for a combination of measures. The banks would have to write off about $100 million of the $1.2 billion in moshav debt and reschedule the rest - with the help of Government guarantees - at a reasonable rate.
THE roughly 2,700 families - 10 percent of all moshavniks - considered to be hopelessly indebted would give up their land and water rights in return for having their debt wiped out. Their fields would be divided up among other moshav members, who would assume additional responsiblity for paying debts. As for the regional co-ops, they would go back to selling seeds and marketing and get out of the financing business. And mutual guarantees between moshav members, if they exist at all, would be highly restrictive.
The challenge now, said Mr. Gal of the moshav movement, is to ''untie all the knots, and to save those moshavs like Ramot Naftali that are basically healthy once they are freed of the debts of others.''
Mr. Ravid argues that the moshav system itself still has underlying strengths. ''When you think that only 10 percent of the people could not pay their debts, which doubled in two years, I don't think that you can speak of the failure of a system,'' he said. Still, he predicts that when and if the current problems are resolved, there will probably be only 100 classic moshavs left 10 years from now, out of the current 420. The others will turn into villages, with a few people farming large consolidated tracts and all the others working in the city.
That is already happening. When Sergio and Judy Orgorinsky moved into Moshav Kochav 14 years ago it was a classic moshav, complete with subsidized grocery store, communal swimming pool and mutual guarantees. But over the years the moshav sank deep into debt, largely because the Government urged it to build a plastics factory. No one knew how to manage the plant and it wound up manufacturing only debt. Today, Moshav Kochav is just a pleasant rural neighborhood. ''When we came here 14 years ago the moshav secretary would sit down with you and plan all your crops,'' said Mrs. Ogorinsky. ''Now everyone lives for himself. If you use the pool, you pay for it. The store is no longer subsidized, and if you need a loan you have to go to the bank yourself.''
Financially speaking, said Mrs. Ogorinsky, the present system is more rational since it encourages individual responsibility. ''The moshav is a beautiful way of life,'' she said. ''It was just mishandled. Maybe once the crisis is over it will be stronger, but I don't know who is going to foot the bill for the mistakes.'' It will probably be the Government and the banks. As concerned as they are about maintaining their way of life, the moshavniks are now in such deep and intertwined debt that many of them cannot even relate to it anymore. Now it's the banks' problem - a situation, said a leading Israeli agronomist, best summed up by another old joke. Yankele is tossing and turning in bed one night. His wife finally asks, ''Yankele, what is the problem?'' ''I owe Moishe money,'' he says. ''And I can't sleep worrying about it.''
So Yankele's wife gets out of bed, calls Moishe and tells him that Yankele cannot pay him the money he owes. ''There,'' she says, putting down the phone. ''Now you can go to sleep. Moishe is the one worrying.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>When LESLIE UGGAMS rises to present an award to MITCH MILLER at the Congress of Racial Equality tribute to Martin Luther King Jr., on Jan. 16, she will have more than the routine connection of presenter to recipient.
"He discovered me," Ms. Uggams said the other day. "He saw me when I was a contestant on 'Name That Tune' and called my mother saying that he wanted me to do some demos."
About a year later, when Mr. Miller went on the air with his "Sing Along With Mitch" on NBC, he booked Ms. Uggams as a guest. The program, which lasted from 1964 to 1967, was an immediate hit, and so was Ms. Uggams, so Mr. Miller made her a regular.
Because she is black, stations in the South refused to televise the show. "Mitch was told either I go or the show goes," Ms. Uggams said. "He said, 'Either she stays or there's no show.' He loved that show, and he had been trying to sell it for so long that to turn around and do that was heroic."
As things turned out, she said, "my best fan mail came from the South, and the only time we ever got a death threat, it came from the North."
The dinner will be held at the Sheraton New York Hotel and Towers. Mr. Miller will receive the group's lifetime achievement award. The other award winners will be L. Douglas Wilder, the former Governor of Virginia; Dr. Mae C. Jemison, the first black female astronaut, and Janet Jackson, the singer.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Re: "Bringing Libraries Into the 21st Century" (New Jersey Q & A, Oct. 30), an interview with Dr. Betty Turock, president-elect of the American Library Association and head of the library studies program at Rutgers University.
I've known Dr. Turock since my days as a student at the library school in the early 1980's. She has never failed to be a kind and supportive mentor.
Still, it is disturbing that librarianship is still perceived as a "woman's profession." It is precisely that mind-set that caused me to leave librarianship. What if law, medicine, business, government, science and engineering were described as "men's fields"? One can just imagine the outcry.
I hope that in her tenure as president of the library association she tackles the issue of harassment of librarians who choose to engage in political activities that are not in accord with majority sentiment. I know a number of cases, including my own.
I have left the library field. Most of the people I met in my 10 years were fine individuals like Betty Turock and are a credit to the profession. It's too bad a few small-minded ones have such a negative impact. RAYMOND E. GRAGLIA Wood-Ridge<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>There is a fierce advertising war over guns being fought in much of the West. On one side is Charlton Heston and the National Rifle Association; on the other is a group of senators, like Bob Kerrey of Nebraska, which is fighting back with a vengeance.
The battle largely stems from the passage of the crime bill, which included a ban on 19 types of semi-automatic weapons. Or, as Mr. Heston, a spokesman for the N.R.A., puts it in the advertisement against Mr. Kerrey: "You said you wouldn't vote for gun bans. But you went to Washington and voted for the first Federal gun ban in American history."
These are not the kind of charges that go unanswered in much of the West and Midwest, where, as Steve Jarding, the Senator's press secretary, says, "Most people of the male persuasion, if they don't hunt, someone in their family does." Mr. Kerrey, a Democrat, was maintaining a lead over his Republican opponent, Jan Stoney, in a poll published by the Lincoln Journal this week, but in this jittery year no incumbent is taking anything for granted.
So Mr. Kerrey, in blue plaid shirt and baseball cap, armed with a shotgun, answered back in a commercial filmed on a shooting range. It shows Mr. Kerrey taking aim, hitting a clay pigeon, then turning to the camera to talk about the difference between guns used to hunt game and guns used to hunt people, like the AK-47, versions of which were used by communist forces in the Vietnam War.
Or, as Mr. Kerrey puts it, the time when "people hunted me." The Nebraska Democrat won the Medal of Honor and lost his leg while serving as a Navy Seal in Vietnam.
Mr. Jarding said: "A lot of people in Nebraska and the Midwest are hunters, but most people by far have never seen one of these things, much less hunted with them. So there is a sense where you want to hold up one of those and say, 'This is what we're talking about.' "
Moreover, the press secretary said, the rifle association's advertisement was "asking for him to come back in your face."
Similar versions of the advertisement are being aired in Nevada, against Senator Richard H. Bryan; in Oklahoma, against Representative Dave McCurdy, the Democratic candidate for Senate; in Washington State, against Speaker Thomas S. Foley, and in several other areas.
Mr. Bryan responded with a spot that showed his vote being defended by a local law-enforcement official -- and an N.R.A. member. "Dick Bryan is a strong supporter of our right to bear arms," the official says. "His fight against crime targets criminals, not gun owners."
Mr. Bryan's media consultant, Bill Knapp, said: "The unfortunate thing about TV politics is if you don't come in with a different perspective, people will believe it. So we're responding."
A spokesman for Mr. Foley's campaign said the campaign had not yet aired a response ad, but that the Speaker was vigorously addressing the issue on the campaign trail, arguing that the guns that were banned were "designed to kill lots of people very quickly."
Tanya Metaksa, chief lobbyist for the N.R.A., said: "This is not about hunting. It's about freedom and the rights of law-abiding Americans to own guns." Asked how they chose their target states, Mrs. Metaksa replied, "Our members are incensed at the vote that took place in the Senate and the House, and these were races that we thought we could make a difference in."
She added that Mr. Heston donated his time to the rifle association because "he believes in our point of view."
Representative Charles E. Schumer, the Brooklyn Democrat who is a leading advocate of the ban, argued that the N.R.A. strategy was "hardball," but might prove counterproductive. "They'll turn off members, and even their friends, and they'll end up with a very hard-core group, maybe a fourth of the Congress, and push everyone else to the side that argues there should be some sane laws on gun," Mr. Schumer said. He noted that many of the people being targeted by the rifle association were swing voters.
But Mrs. Metaksa said her organization was responding to its membership. "Our members are energized and want us to be out there doing something," she said. "I think that in many of these races, gun owners are going to turn out and going to make a difference."  THE 1994 CAMPAIGN: THE GUN DEBATE<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Q.
The bottom two rows of bricks at the base of the chimney in my basement are painted. There is a white powdery substance on the basement floor that seems to be coming out of the mortar on the third and fourth rows above this. The house is about 50 years old. What is causing this powder to form?
A. This is efflorescence, a white residue that is formed by excess alkaline salts in the masonry. It is usually caused by a moisture condition in the brickwork, and so you should check the chimney structure on the outside. Start by inspecting the chimney cap at the very top. If it is cracked or missing entirely, it should be repaired. If this is not the problem, then it is likely that some mortar joints on the outside, or possibly all of them, need tuck-pointing, which is not unusual after 50 years. This calls for scraping out the old mortar to a depth of a half-inch and then replacing with fresh mortar.
Q.
My garage has an exposed concrete foundation wall about 30 inches high. There are two hairline cracks on the outside that accumulate a sandlike material on the inside. When I brush this away, it comes back in two or three months. I think a leak is pushing this sandlike material to the outside.
A. If it was a leak, water would be coming from the outside in, not from inside to outside. The sandlike material could be the concrete breaking down or sand eroding because of a poor concrete mix. I suggest brushing out the residue and scraping out the crack to open it. Then fill with either a hydrualic patching cement or a vinyl-concrete patching cement.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>From the street, the only sign that marks Gloria's cafe is the fragrance of pork-filled tamales and steaming Salvadoran corn tortillas, bulging with cheese.
Yellow Pages listings for the clandestine kitchen in Gloria's house do not exist. Credit cards are not accepted. All payments must be in cash. And woe to the customer who strides up the clean-swept porch without respecting a basic rule of the underground economy -- reservations are a must.
"I'm busy," snapped the cafe's middle-aged proprietor, studying an unfamiliar Salvadoran immigrant who knocked at her front door in a quiet neighborhood of two-story homes and bare winter gardens. "You didn't call."
The door closed firmly, barring entry into the immigrants' informal economic network that is so hidden and so secret, Salvadorans call it by the Spanish phrase "bajo del agua" -- "underwater."
Unregulated and mostly unnoticed, this elaborate network offers bargain services in Spanish with no questions asked, no licenses needed. Its chief requirements are trust, cash, and satisfied customers.
Salvadorans are the links in this particular chain. Similar networks are often used by other ethnic groups to acquire the skills and the resources to surface in the formal economy.
So prized are the underground's cut-rate services that last week, several patients defended a Salvadoran dental technician charged with treating clients in his Suffolk County home without a dental license.
For four years, the police said, Gilberto Cordova, 47, operated a thriving dental office on the lower floor of his split-level, brick house on a back street of Brentwood. He posted no professional shingle, but police said client lists indicated that Mr. Cordova probably treated more than a thousand patients.
And apparently most were satisfied; only a single patient complained to police about an infected root canal.
"Legitimate dentists could have the same problem," said a Suffolk County detective, Lieut. Gerard Pelkofsky.
There is not much of a secret to the success of underground businesses like the Cordova dental office or Gloria's kitchen. The network relies on price-slashing and a complex web of Salvadoran immigrants who share information and a struggle.
"I didn't know that he didn't have a license," said a former patient, a 33-year-old Salvadoran factory worker who declined to give her name. "For me, what was important was price. He's a good, honest man who would help any time. When I had a toothache late at night, he told me to come over right away and he gave me medicine for my pain. He also speaks my language."
In this economic underwater of Long Island, there is nothing extraordinary about a suburban home doubling as a dental office or a restaurant or a makeshift pharmacy in a bodega. A free bed in someone's home is rented in shifts to day and night laborers who pay $300 a month and call them hot beds -- because they are rarely without a warm body.
The network draws on a burgeoning population of an estimated 40,000 Salvadorans who settled on Long Island in the last decade in enclaves scattered in the towns of Hempstead, Westbury and Brentwood.
Most came during El Salvador's lingering civil war, fleeing the impoverished eastern states where the greatest fighting took place. El Salvador lost more than 20 percent of its population to Canada, Mexico and the United States. About a million Salvadorans -- half of them with full legal status -- settled largely in Southern California, Texas, Washington, D. C., and New York, most heavily on Long Island.
Through the 1980's, Hempstead's downtown filled rapidly with cozy Salvadoran pupuserias, specializing in the popular soft tortilla snack; And with cramped package delivery offices that catered to the newcomers sending money and gifts home. The United States Embassy in El Salvador estimates that families receiving this money rely on it for 60 percent of their income.
Most Salvadorans here find low wage jobs cleaning houses or trimming lawns, but the meager pay often does not stretch far enough to rent an apartment or subsidize their families in El Salvador.
And so, many seek services in the underwater, where a single man can dine for $3 or have a load of laundry done at a neighbor's for $2.
Often it is a refuge, a comforting place with a familiar feel, where a brake repairman lacking health insurance can afford to have a tooth extracted. But there are risks and licensed dentists are sometimes called on to repair the wounds -- broken jaws, blackened teeth.
Typically, immigrants balance the perils of such services against discount prices. Licensed dentists charge about $55 for a tooth extraction, but the underground bill is $25. Main street restaurants demand $1.25 for Salvadoran pupusas made of thick tortillas and meat, but underground cooks charge 75 cents.
"They're constantly under pressure to lower the cost of living," said Sarah J. Mahler, a Russell Sage Foundation anthropologist who has studied Central American immigration. "You cannot survive on Long Island with the wages they are earning. In El Salvador, they hear they can make $6 an hour and translate the worth to their home country. When they get here, they are shocked by the cost of living."
Adding to the economic pressures is the Clinton Administration's move last week to end the protected status for thousands of Salvadoran immigrants who were allowed temporary refuge in the United States during the civil war that ended two years ago.
Refugees can apply to delay deportation through September, and although most are expected to find a way to stay here legally, the announcement inspired fear and confusion.
Again, the underground has an answer for the new policy -- arranged marriages. For a fee, a broker will match immigrants in search of a green card with a spouse so they can stay permanently in the country, according to Luis Samayoa.
Mr. Samayoa, a former law student who fled El Salvador during the war and landed in Hempstead, said the going rate for these illegally arranged marriages is $3,000.
Recently, he said he spurned a green card marriage proposal because it would have required him to live at least six months with the woman and he feared he would be found out and prosecuted.
A marriage is one of the more expensive services in the network. Other services have been started more modestly underwater and, as they thrived, they surfaced to become legal businesses.
Twenty years ago, Herminia Medina sold her homemade tortes and delicate pineapple pastries from a trim, two-story house in a Hempstead neighborhood.
"I didn't know how to make applications for the license. I didn't have customers. And so I started in my house," said Mrs. Medina.
Somehow customers found their way to her tall baker's rack of sweet pastelitos and quesadillas, stored in the entry of the house. And 10 years ago, as the Salvadoran population grew, she opened a bakery at 442 North Main Street in Freeport.
Customers also found Antonia Rivas, who transformed her Uniondale home into a cramped restaurant where she sold pupusas.
She roamed Salvadoran dance parties in Manhattan, passing out business cards advertising her tamales and sweet breads. Customers sometimes numbered as many as 200 on the weekends, crowding the kitchen and living room, she said.
"I started it in my house because I didn't have the money for the licenses," said Mrs. Rivas, 70. "When I had success in my house, then I could start a restaurant."
It took seven years. By 1985, she had sold enough pupusas to open Antojitos restaurant at 15 Sunrise Highway in Freeport, adding a second branch four years later in Hempstead. She also launched a bakery in Uniondale.
The success of a few has inspired a legion of imitators. Many had only enough capital to fill a worn suitcase during a visit to El Salvador and then returned to peddle the goods.
They became links in a vast distribution network for Salvadoran-made dresses and work boots, sauces and dried herbs, antibiotics and sedatives.
The pharmaceuticals -- which are sold without prescriptions in El Salvador -- are a particularly popular item here. They could be sold to the tiny bodegas, which are willing to offer them for about $1 a pill to trusted customers.
"Usually, you have to go to a doctor and spend a lot of money for a prescription," said Yolanda Figueroa, a counselor with the Central American Refugee Center in Brentwood. "But here, the drugs are sold like Alka Seltzer. That's really bad because sometimes people don't take the right antibiotics or the right amount."
But a legal prescription requires an expensive visit to a doctor. Many choose to treat themselves, turning to herbalists or masseuses who care for ailments with rubbing oils.
Dental care is even more daunting because immigrants complain there are no emergency clinics offering inexpensive care when a toothache strikes.
"Ultimately, an informal system is a symptom that something is not right," said Saskia Sassen, a Columbia University urban planning professor. "It has to do with poverty, inequality, and lack of access to formal institutions. It represents service when otherwise there would be nothing."
For those with nothing, the underground also offers charity.
On the lunch counters of Salvadoran restaurants are plain tin cans, labeled with the grainy faces of dead young men.
When enough donations accumulate, relatives deliver the heavy cans of coins to the Hempstead Funeral Home, marked with a large sign that advertises cremations and shipping.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>THERE may be an interesting spring developing for next year. In the last few weeks of November, weather records were broken with unseasonal warmth. Gardeners, joggers and shoppers were running around in their shirt sleeves.
Plants were flowering. Rhodendrons in November? Cherry blossoms, too? These were but a few of the false-spring happenings that were actually seen. But reports of unusual occurrences were heard almost daily.
When the weather did finally settle down to its more or less normal pattern, most of the plant world was left in shock. The ups and downs of thermometers are not easy on plants.
And the worst of it is that any of the buds that burst open into flower this fall have spent their all. They cannot bloom again in spring. Plants need several months to set their flower buds. And there is not enough time now until spring for the process to be completed.
Fortunately, many of the native ornamentals such as dogwoods and most of the hardwood trees have buds tightly packaged and protected. These were not fooled into the false spring and should be ready to perform at their usual time, in their usual profusion.
What to do? Not much, but be patient and wait. But gardeners should be aware that they may see strange things next spring because as far as some of the plants are concerned, there has already been a spring.
One practical thing that can be done for the plants is to be sure that the ground is well watered. The latter part of the year has been very dry with little soaking rainfall. The root systems of all plants need as much moisture as possible to go through the winter months. This is especially true for evergreens, which transpire -- lose their moisture -- on bright sunny days.
Although the hose may be stored away in the garage for the winter months, wise gardeners will get it  out and use it lavishly a few more times before truly cold weather settles in.
Meanwhile, the feathered population deserves some consideration. After all they should share some of the holiday spirit, too. The many bird societies and nature groups abound with special sales and offerings of bird seed, feeders and all sorts of gadgets to help make the birds an integral part of the celebration. And why not?
Birds add so much to the domestic scene. The custom of feeding them  during the winter months, or year-round, has spawned quite an industry. The installation of feeders near the kitchen or dining room windows has greatly enhanced the local knowledge of birdlife and spurred many a new advocate. In fact, the hobby of learning about and watching birdlife is second only to gardeneing as a leisure pursuit.
A word of caution on buying bird seed for the home feeders, however. Bargain bird seed mixes are not the best buy. Too many of the bargain boxes are filled with an undesirable seed called red milo that is ignored by the birds. It just adds to the package weight without helping the wildlife.
Much better seed mixtures are available, containing the morsels that please the birds. They include sunflowers seeds, both kinds the black oil and the white or striped, as well as proso millet and safflower. Cracked corn appeals to the ground-feeders including quail and mourning doves, while the black niger or thistle seed wins over the finches.
Some of the more expensive seed mixes include nut meats as well as wheat.
Suet is a most important offering to provide for the birds. Woodpeckers are always attracted to hanging feeders of suet. Most of the times butchers are able to supply chunks of suet and bags can be hung from tree trunks for their delight. Also many bird supply houses sell all sorts of suet cakes for the winged population.
Some additional thoughts on making the feathered population a part of the holidays include the following:
Be careful about locating bird feeders. Be sure to place them away from trees or shrubs, at least 10 feet, to make it harder for the stealing squirrels to leap.
Also, be sure to keep the bird feeders clean and well stocked. There is somewhat of a fallacy that stopping the feeding of birds in winter will cause them to starve.
Not really. They will just go elsewhere. Springtime is a much more crucial time for them as they are nesting or arriving from the long migration period, or both. In either case, they are hungry indeed.
And one more thing. Water is important, too. Suppliers sell many kinds of water heaters or heated bird baths that can be used by those who are truly serious about helping out Mother Nature. Again, the water supply should be kept constant and clean to be attractive to the bird population.
And finally, the Christmas tree. Recycle it after the holidays, either by poking it in the ground and decorating it with garlands of bird food. Or haul it to the municipal center where it is chopped up and used for compost.
IN THE GARDEN<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>IF boxing had a conscience, the ties of Texas would be on it. Pound for pound, Pernell Whitaker deserves to be hailed now as the world's best boxer, but the Norfolk, Va., welterweight known as Sweet Pea must live with the sour memory of a rare majority draw with Julio Cesar Chavez at the Alamodome on Friday night.
Two imported judges, Mickey Vann of England and Franz Marti of Switzerland, each scored the 12-round bout even in points, 115-115. That created the majority that put Dallas judge Jack Woodruff's 115-113 vote for Whitaker in the minority. When the draw was announced, the silence in the crowd of some 65,000 was louder than the desperate cheers for Chavez had been in the final rounds.
All the Mexican-Americans who idolized Chavez were relieved that he had not lost. But after entering the ring with an 87-0 record that included 75 knockouts, the 31-year-old Mexican was no longer "the great Chavez." His followers knew he had been outboxed and outpunched. At the final bell, his handlers had to towel blood from the bridge of his nose. The bull had been bloodied by the matador.
But the matador would be gored by the two European judges whose scorecards triggered a familiar charge: that the World Boxing Council, a Mexican organization headed by Jose Sulaiman and Chavez's promoter, Don King, select judges who will protect Chavez, the Mexican idol.
"Vann and Marti are W.B.C. officials," Whitaker's co-trainer, Lou Duva, growled yesterday morning. "These guys get trips all over the world; they're beholden to Sulaiman and King. They wanted the American judge knocked out of there. Why? This decision speaks for itself."
Sulaiman was en route to Los Angeles yesterday but late Friday night King denied any involvement with the judges, saying, "I don't even know those guys."
King acknowledged, however, that, as stipulated in the fight contracts, the travel expenses and lodging of the three judges and the referee, Joe Cortez, would be paid by the promotion. Just another conflict of interest in boxing. Officials' expenses should be absorbed by the ruling commission, not by a promoter with an allegiance to one of the boxers.
"All those officials," said Whitaker's promoter, Dan Duva, alluding to Vann and Marti, "are regular guys who fly first class all over the world, to Tokyo or Thailand or wherever, to judge W.B.C. fights. W.B.C. judges will tell you that when they go against the house fighter, they're not chosen to judge another fight for a while. That's the way it's done."
With the W.B.C. supervising the bout and King the promoter, Chavez was clearly the "house fighter" in Friday night's showdown for the "pound for pound" title.
Sulaiman, King and Chavez, all of whom had wanted a Mexican judge, had demanded that Woodruff, the American judge who is not considered a W.B.C. judge, be scratched but they eventually agreed to his selection by the Texas boxing commission.
"I don't recognize it," Sulaiman said at Wednesday's rules meeting, "but I accept it."
Chavez didn't complain about the draw other than to whine that Whitaker had often "grabbed" his left arm, preventing him from throwing his left hook, and had hit him low "occasionally and very intentionally." In the sixth round the referee allowed Chavez time to recover from a low blow.
King was unusually quiet, for him. He was obviously relieved that his multimillion-dollar meal ticket, Chavez, had been awarded a draw.
Other than to say, "Let's do it again," alluding to the inevitable rematch, King hardly opened his mouth in the interview room.
To most ringsiders, Whitaker was a decisive winner. On my scorecard, he was far ahead, 116-112 in points, 8-4 in rounds. In a firm voice, the W.B.C. welterweight champion later talked about how he would "enjoy this victory," that he would let "the public decide" who won.
"This is the second time," Lou Duva said, "this has happened to one of our fighters with Chavez."
Three years ago, with only two seconds remaining in the final round, Chavez retained his W.B.C. superlightweight title when a Las Vegas referee, Richard Steele, suddenly ruled that Meldrick Taylor, far ahead on points, could no longer continue. Friday night Chavez was awarded a draw he didn't deserve.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: In 1983, National Public Radio teetered near bankruptcy. Employees were dismissed and programs canceled. Even after borrowing $7 million to keep afloat, the nation's oldest public radio network still faced a $3 million deficit.
In 1983, National Public Radio teetered near bankruptcy. Employees were dismissed and programs canceled. Even after borrowing $7 million to keep afloat, the nation's oldest public radio network still faced a $3 million deficit.
Management had simply lost control of spending, the General Accounting Office concluded.
These days, the picture is very different. The debt has been repaid and NPR is well in the black. In fact, it ended the fiscal year with a surplus of $7.8 million. The number of member stations has grown to 365, from about 260 in 1983. And the network offers more hours of news and cultural programming than ever before.
''Our feeling is, we're on a roll,'' said Douglas J. Bennet, who became president during the crisis. Reasons for the Turnaround
The turnaround can be attributed in part to better accounting that allows NPR to determine how much it can spend. Also, stepped-up fund-raising has quadrupled donations from institutions attracted to the high quality of the programming and the well-educated audience.
And the network has a new arrangement that brings in more money. NPR has stopped depending directly on the Corporation for Public Broadcasting for support. Instead, the corporation gives Federal money to member stations, which have themselves dramatically increased the amounts they pay to NPR.
NPR also credits the loyalty of listeners - some five million now tune in weekly to NPR's news programs alone. When the network was in trouble, many of them sent money and letters, and wrote to Congressmen and newspaper editors.
''The whole crisis clearly put the spotlight on NPR in every way,'' said Jane A. Couch, vice president for development.
Indeed, with more fund-raising, contributions by corporations and foundations rose to $10.6 million in 1988 from $2.7 million in 1983.
At the same time, member stations are paying far more than the $1 million they paid in 1983, when the Corporation for Public Broadcasting paid half of the network's nearly $25 million in revenues. In fiscal 1988, the stations provided about $19 million of NPR's $33 million in revenues. An Increase in Programming
To encourage support, NPR added programming, ''as a sign we were here to stay,'' Mr. Bennet said. It introduced ''Weekend Edition,'' for instance, to complement the weekday news program ''Morning Edition.'' Daily evening coverage was already provided by the widely esteemed ''All Things Considered.'' Also introduced was ''Performance Today,'' a two-hour weekday service of music and arts news that includes concerts taped by member stations.
It was ''Performance Today'' that attracted a major contributor, Chrysler, whose fund has pledged more than $1.5 million for the program since 1986.
Don O'Toole, advertising director of Waste Management Inc., which contributes to ''All Things Considered,'' said that the company has been pleased by NPR's ''upscale'' audience and that it has been congratulated for its support by chief executives and political figures.
Fans of the network especially relish the quality - and the calm tone -of NPR's news coverage, which includes a wide range of in-depth reports, features, interviews and commentary.
NPR, which has a staff of 350 and is based in Washington, was incorporated in 1970 as a nonprofit organization. During its first decade, it depended almost entirely on the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, an entity created by Congress to receive and distribute Federal money.
There is some dispute about whether NPR is the largest public network. American Public Radio, which does not produce programs, says it distributes more programming hours than does NPR. At any rate, NPR shares public radio's weekly audience of 11 million with a variety of other networks and hundreds of unaffiliated public radio stations, many on college campuses.
NPR does not tap individuals for support; their donations go largely to local member stations. It seeks institutions. Currently these include such corporations as General Foods, Hewlett-Packard, Digital Equipment, GTE, Kiplinger, Mead Data and TRW, and foundations like Ford, MacArthur, Rockefeller, Dodge, Pew Charitable Trusts, the Carnegie Corporation of New York and Lilly Endowment.
Ms. Couch was hired in 1982 because NPR had recognized a need to increase private support as prospects for Federal financing appeared grim. Accounting Troubles
But other problems were brewing. NPR had undertaken five high-risk ventures involving satellite technology, Mr. Bennet recalled. Only one succeeded.
A key problem was a new computer system for financial records. It did not work well, and the effects of this ''accounting glitch'' were not recognized soon enough, Ms. Couch said. NPR was spending more than it had. As the crisis became ''a daily soap opera in the Washington papers,'' she said, the public responded.
She recalled a Kentucky couple with five children who wrote that they had never given more than $25 to any charity, but that the threat of losing ''All Things Considered'' prompted them to send a check for $800.
Although NPR does well in urban markets, Ms. Couch said, that is not where the ''poignant'' letters come from.
''Particularly in rural areas,'' she said, ''we are a lifeline.''  THE MEDIA BUSINESS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Tigers 5, Red Sox 1
DETROIT, June 24 (AP) -- Cecil Fielder homered twice today, leading the Detroit Tigers to a 5-1 victory over Boston, the seventh straight loss for the Red Sox.
Fielder now has 60 runs batted in for the season, and despite a hitting slump (averagewise) in recent weeks, he has 27 r.b.i. for his 22 games in June. The two home runs he added today -- he had a grand slam Tuesday -- give him 16 for the season.
Frank Tanana (6-5) pitched eight innings, allowing one run on seven hits, three of them by Tony Pena.
Fielder led off the second inning with his 15th homer, into the upper deck in left field. His second home run, with Detroit leading by 3-1, came in the fifth with one man on. Twins 11, Angels 0
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) -- Kevin Tapani pitched a two-hitter for Minnesota. Tapani (7-5) struck out a career-high 10 batters and walked none in his first complete game of the season. After allowing a two-out single by Rene Gonzales in the first inning, Tapani, 6-1 in his last nine starts, retired the next 18 batters until Junior Felix doubled with two out in the seventh inning.
Chili Davis supplied Tapani with all the runs he needed, hitting a two-run homer in the bottom of the first. Athletics 7, Mariners 2
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) -- Rickey Henderson, once again the subject of controversy, doubled twice and scored twice and Dave Stewart (7-5) pitched Oakland to a victory that swept the series.
The A's beat rookie Dave Fleming (10-3) who was bidding to become the league's first 11-game winner. Fleming allowed six runs on nine hits over five innings.
Henderson, who said before the game that his Tuesday night demand to be traded was a joke, doubled in the first, moved to third on a sacrifice and came home on Mark McGwire's single. After a walk to Terry Steinbach, Harold Baines had a run-scoring single, his eighth r.b.i. in two days.
Henderson doubled again in the fourth to score Lance Blankenship, who had singled. He stole third and Jose Canseco lined a single to right to bring Henderson home for a 4-0 lead. White Sox 4, Indians 3
CHICAGO (AP) -- Tim Raines singled home the winning run with two outs in the ninth inning as Chicago won its fifth straight and Cleveland lost its fifth in a row.
Lance Johnson opened the ninth with an infield single against Ted Power (1-2), went to second on Craig Grebeck's sacrifice and took third on an infield out. Kevin Wickander relieved and Raines singled for his third hit of the game. Orioles 8, Brewers 4
MILWAUKEE (AP) -- Leo Gomez singled to break a ninth-inning tie, giving Baltimore the victory.
Randy Milligan drew a leadoff walk in the ninth from Darren Holmes (2-2) and took third on Joe Orsulak's hit-and-run single. Gomez followed with a single past the drawn-in infield for a 5-4 lead. Mark McLemore and Jeff Tackett each hit r.b.i.-singlesand Mike Devereaux added a sacrifice fly. Blue Jays 3, Rangers 2
ARLINGTON, Tex. (AP) -- Roberto Alomar hit an r.b.i.-triple and scored on a wild pitch, capping a three-run rally in the fifth inning for Toronto. David Wells (3-2) allowed two runs on seven hits in six innings. He settled down after Texas scored twice in the first. Tom Henke pitched the ninth for his 13th save. It was his 413th appearance for Toronto, breaking the pitching record he shared with Dave Stieb. Expos 8, Phillies 1
MONTREAL (AP) -- Ken Hill pitched well and had two of Montreal's 11 hits -- including his first career home run -- as the Expos averted a three-game sweep.
Moises Alou drove in three runs with two doubles, and Delino DeShields went 4 for 5 to lead the Expos, who had lost their previous three games. Hill's homer was the first by a Montreal pitcher since Kevin Gross against Fernando Valenzuela of the Los Angeles Dodgers on May 14, 1990.
Hill (7-4) allowed six hits in six and one-third innings. Braves 5, Giants 0
ATLANTA (AP) -- John Smoltz pitched a two-hitter and struck out 10 as streaking Atlanta won its fifth straight victory. The Braves finished 11-1 on their homestand, the most successful in Atlanta history, bettering the 10-4 mark in 1991.
The Braves won for the 21st time in 24 games. Atlanta starters are 16-1 with a 1.78 e.r.a. in the those 24 games.
Smoltz (8-5) gave up a two-out single to Will Clark in the first inning and another two-out single to Clark in the ninth.
Otis Nixon hit his first home run in nearly two years and drove in three runs. Cardinals 4, Pirates 1
PITTSBURGH (AP) -- Bob Tewksbury (8-2), pitching on three days' rest, threw six and one-third shutout innings and St. Louis avoided a three-game sweep by beating Pittsburgh.
The Cardinals, who had lost eight of their previous nine games to Pittsburgh, scored all their runs in the fourth against Doug Drabek (5-6) on five ground-ball singles. Reds 9, Astros 6
CINCINNATI (AP) -- Hal Morris hit a three-run homer and Glenn Braggs had a two-run, pinch-hit double as Cincinnati beat Houston in a game that featured a bench-clearing brawl.
The brawl broke out after Morris homered during a six-run Reds rally in the fifth inning. Pete Harnisch (3-7) threw the next pitch behind Reggie Sanders's head, setting off a free-for-all that held up play for eight minutes. Harnisch, Braggs, Reds reliever Rob Dibble and an Astros coach, Ed Ott, were ejected for their part in the fight.  BASEBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>GALIONE-Loretta D., on May 29, 1997. Beloved mother of Lauren G. Preiss, Dayna Davidson and Leigh. Loving mother-in-law of Scott J. Preiss, Howard Davidson and David Barry. Dear sister of Louise Applegate. Cherished grandmother of Courtney Preiss, Jordan Preiss, Alexa Preiss, Lena Barry and Marin Davidson. Funeral Monday 8:30 A.M., from the Marine Park Funeral Home, 3024 Quentin Road, Brooklyn. Mass 9:30 AM at Our Lady Help of Christians R.C. Church. Interment St. Charles Cemetery. Visiting hours Sunday 2-5 and 7-10 PM.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A jury today recommended the death penalty for the man who kidnapped 12-year-old Polly Klaas from a slumber party at her Northern California home in 1993 and murdered her near an abandoned lumber mill.
The 42-year-old killer, Richard Allen Davis, appeared to smirk as the unanimous verdict was read.
The decision by the six women and six men on the jury is not formally binding on the judge in the case, Thomas Hastings, but it is virtually unheard-of for a judge in California to overrule a jury that calls for a defendant's execution.
Polly's grandfather, Joe Klaas, said the verdict marked the end for his family of ''a 34-month, agonizing journey toward hell.'' Mr. Davis, he added, ''can go the rest of the way alone.''
The crime had shocked people around the country.
For weeks, it turned Polly's hometown of Petaluma -- the pastoral backdrop for television commercials in which Ronald Reagan once declared ''morning in America'' -- into the staging area for a huge search that drew support from movie stars and politicians.
The capture of Mr. Davis only added to parents' fears that the judicial system did not adequately protect their children. He had spent most of his adult life in prison for a series of increasingly violent crimes and was on parole at the time of the killing after serving half of a 16-year sentence for another kidnapping.
The case also gave strong impetus to California's ''three strikes'' law, one of the toughest of a growing number of state sentencing laws that require extended mandatory prison terms for repeat felony offenders.
''Because of this case, a lot has changed in several laws,'' the lead prosecutor, Greg Jacobs, said after the verdict.
But Mr. Jacobs suggested that the principal lesson went beyond the judicial system: ''the idea that we have to watch our children and watch them very carefully and never let our guard down.''
The Klaas family never thought it had let its guard down.
When Mr. Davis sneaked into the family's home shortly before 11 P.M. on the night of Oct. 1, 1993, brandished a knife and snatched Polly as she played a board game with two other young girls, her mother, Eve Nichol, and her half-sister were sleeping just down the hall.
Less than two hours after the kidnapping, sheriff's deputies answering a trespassing complaint near Santa Rosa, about 25 miles north of Petaluma, came upon Mr. Davis with his white Ford Pinto stuck in a drainage ditch. But after questioning him and searching his car, they let him go, unaware that the police were searching for a man fitting his description.
Polly's parents, who are divorced, began a two-month search that riveted the attention of people far beyond their quiet corner of Northern California.
After Mr. Davis was finally captured on a drunken-driving charge and a parole violation and his hand was matched to a palm print left by the kidnapper, he confessed and told detectives where he had left Polly's body.
At his trial, Mr. Davis's lawyer, Lorena Chandler, did not contest that her client had committed the crimes.  Instead, the defense argued that the killing was the result of a burglary gone awry and tried to rebut the prosecution's assertion that Mr. Davis had tried to sexually assault Polly. The charge of attempting a ''lewd act'' on a child was one of four special circumstances the jury weighed in deciding between a death sentence and life imprisonment without the possibility of parole.
The jurors deliberated for four days before finding Mr. Davis guilty on of all 10 of the felony counts with which he was charged.
Dispelling any thoughts that he might have felt remorse, Mr. Davis responded to that verdict on June 18 by turning to a television camera and raising the middle fingers of his hands.
In their second deliberations, jurors took 23 hours to decide Mr. Davis deserved to die, disregarding his lawyer's assertion that he should be spared because he had been abused as a child himself.
The jury foreman, Brian Bianco, said this afternoon that at one point in the deliberations, seven jurors were either undecided or arguing for life imprisonment.
''We sentenced a man to death,'' Mr. Bianco said. ''I cannot feel good about that. On the other hand it was the right thing to do.''
Lawyers for Mr. Davis said he would appeal the death sentence, a process that could take years. Should he lose on those motions, California's practice holds that Mr. Davis be executed by lethal injection.
Polly's father, Marc Klaas, said he would attend Mr. Davis's execution.
''It will be nice to see him go down,'' Mr. Klaas said, ''but nobody likes to see a death, except people like Davis.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Starting Monday, new and expanded offerings make their debuts in Business Day.
With a fresh design, the top of the front page provides a quick review of the markets and of major headlines. The Business Digest moves to Page C2.
Two new columnists, David Carr on Monday and Joe Nocera on Saturday, join the current ones -- David Pogue on Thursday, Floyd Norris on Friday and Gretchen Morgenson in Sunday Business.
On Friday, the section adds a page on Wall Street and finance. The Saturday issue offers new features, including a summary of the week's business news; a personal investing column; and a digest of articles of interest online and in magazines.
Business Day expands coverage of media, marketing and technology news on Monday; of business travel on Tuesday; and of commercial real estate on Wednesday. Consumer technology news continues in Circuits inside the section on Thursday.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The last time a lawyer tried to take on the Aum Shinrikyo religious sect, he and his family disappeared.
That was six years ago, and the lawyer, Tsutsumi Sakamoto, his wife and a 1-year-old boy have not been heard from since. Now, partly in memory of their friend, Yoshiro Ito and four other lawyers have taken on his cause, becoming virtually the only legal team bold enough to challenge the sect in court.
"I hope that the police raids will turn up some clues about the Sakamoto family," Mr. Ito said. "But I'm doubtful. It's been such a long time."
The police raided 25 branches of the Aum Shinrikyo sect beginning on Wednesday, two days after the nerve gas attack in the subways here, and found tons of chemicals that can be used to make nerve gas. Although Aum Shinrikyo has denied involvement in the subway attack or the disappearance of the Sakamoto family, a harsh spotlight has focused on a number of bizarre practices of the highly secretive cult.
The cult's leader, Shoko Asahara, appeared on Japanese television today and denied any links to the subway attack. The television station, NHK, said that it had submitted questions to Mr. Asahara and that he had provided videotaped answers. His whereabouts remain unknown, the station said.
Several hundred families have turned to Mr. Ito's legal team in desperation after their sons and daughters joined the sect and were then missing for months. In some cases, parents have not seen their children since 1989, when Aum Shinrikyo -- which means "teaching of the truth" -- became licensed as an official religious organization.
In one court case, four fathers sued Aum for custody of their children after their wives had taken the children into the sect. They won, according to information provided in a pamphlet published by the legal team, called the Lawyers Group on Behalf of the Victims of Aum Shinrikyo.
Aum asserts that all its members join willingly, but lawyers and Japanese news reports say the sect uses sophisticated methods of mind control geared toward leading the victim into believing that he or she is acting entirely voluntarily. Lawyers also say the sect operates on fear, threatening that the end of the world is near and warning that Aum members are being attacked from the outside.
But the sect clearly has a powerful attraction to its 10,000 members in Japan and 30,000 overseas, and many members remain loyal even after the police raids.
Aum representatives have declined to be interviewed.
It is unclear what activities members engage in once they join Aum, but bits and pieces have emerged from Japanese news reports, from neighbors who live near the sect's quarters and from the lawyers for the family members and former sect followers.
Neighborhoods in which the sect followers hold religious activities have grown so bitter toward the sect that they have organized against it, and one district hung stickers and placards all over, saying: "Aum, keep out! I reject all pamphlets or handbills from Aum!"
According to the reports, the training of new recruits is rather and exhausting, sometimes involving bizarre techniques. In one such method, called a "cleansing" technique, trainees drink large amounts of water and then vomit it up.
To become a monk or nun, a member must renounce all ties to a family and donate all his or her assets to the sect. Lawyers say such trainees are sometimes given drugs like LSD, morphine or stimulants in an effort to influence thought processes.
Often what goes on behind the closed doors of the sect appears strange and bizarre from the outside, the neighbors say. That is especially true, they say, when sometimes the only sounds that can be heard are those of Indian music tapes or lectures by the sect's leader, Mr. Asahara, a 40-year-old Japanese who was born in Kumamoto Prefecture in southwest Japan.
When Aum bought a site two years ago in Kameido, in the eastern part of Tokyo, the neighbors noticed the members carrying in a giant boiler, more than five yards long and a yard and a half high. They also carried in a new cooling tower, equipment for air conditioning.
Then steam started spewing out of the tower and a foul smell filled the surrounding air. Small birds died, plants wilted and dogs and other pets became sick. Neighbors lost their appetite, and when the steam settled onto passers-by or cars in the area, it left stains and horrible smells. It lasted for several days, neighbors say. Neighbors also said they saw black soot spewing from the chimneys for about a week.
"When they brought in such a huge boiler, we wondered why a religious group would need such a thing," said Hirokazu Matsukawa, a 68-year-old electric shop owner who lives in the neighborhood. "When we smelled the horrible odor, some people who had survived World War II said it was the smell of burning flesh." Neighbors also described the smell as that of rotten fish or the odor produced by tanning leather.
Lawyers said that they had no evidence of any flesh burning, but Mr. Ito said, "Sometimes deaths may occur, either accidentally or from drugs." He added that more recently the complaints of the odors from the sect buildings were of chemicals, perhaps from experiments that the sect says it conducts.
Mr. Matsukawa also said he and other neighbors had observed that once a day the sect members received unspiced vegetables cooked in Yamanashi, the sect's regional quarters where drums of chemicals were found by the police during the raid on Wednesday.
"I can recognize the members when they walk down the street," Mr. Matsukawa said. "They look tired and weak. They have their heads down when they walk and since they eat only once a day, they don't seem to have any energy."
Other reports have said the sect serves two meals a day of rice, fermented soybean, seaweed and various cooked vegetables, and only a second bowl of rice is permitted. Members drink water that has been treated with electrolysis, as well as a special "miracle pond" liquid that is "water from the bath used by Asahara," according to the pamphlet published by the Lawyers Group.
In Tokyo, neighbors say sect members have never physically harmed any of them, but in the village of Kamikuishiki, near the sect's training center, residents say they feel threatened.
"They were recording license plates, taking pictures of passers-by and when we come close, they drive us out," said Katsumori Nozawa, head of the Committee to Oppose Aum Shinrikyo. "When we go out to the fields to pick grass, they follow us with sticks."
Lawyers and news reports also say Aum has been financially strong, with rough estimates of several billion yen -- or tens of millions of dollars -- in income each year. But recently its expenditures also appear to have been high -- a Russian helicopter, air-cleaning machines, chemicals and other buildings -- and so its finances may be tighter.
The pamphlet from the Lawyers Group provides what appears to be a copy of a will that new monks and nuns sign, turning over all their assets to Aum upon their death. The pamphlet also provides a copy of a document describing the fee for "love initiation," in which members pay 100,000 yen, or about $1,000, and receive 36 trillion units of DNA -- human genetic material -- of the sect's leader, Mr. Asahara. It is not clear how or if this genetic material is passed on.
The pamphlet also describes what appears to be a sexual advance by Mr. Asahara on a female member, and says the Lawyers Group has received several complaints, but it is unclear whether the advances made are occasional or frequent.
Aum has been successful in recruiting young college students, who sometimes come from rich families and can donate assets to the sect. These students may also come from Japan's elite universities, and there is a strong core of smart people in the sect, lawyers say.
The lawyers say the members organize on campus, setting up yoga clubs, fortune-telling clubs and other hobby-oriented associations to draw in students. They also attract recruits by sending open messages on electronic mail systems and advertise the sect's E-mail address.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>An entry in the Transactions column in the Square Feet pages of Business Day yesterday about a lease at 900 Broadway in Manhattan misidentified the landlord. It is Justin Management, not W&M Properties.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Can the Bush administration really be proposing that the new Iraqi parliament include some Sunnis who fail to win seats in the Jan. 30 election (front page, Dec. 26)?
Where did the government get this notion of granting victory in an election that has not actually been won? And isn't this subtlety of the democratic process likely to elude the understanding of those to whom President Bush proudly proclaimed that ''freedom is on the march''?
Donald Goldsmith  Berkeley, Calif., Dec. 26, 2004<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>An article on Jan. 31 about the future of the Menil Collection, a private museum in Houston, misstated the age and display status of some Byzantine frescoes there. They are from the 13th century, not the 12th. Stolen from a cathedral on Cyprus, they were in effect ransomed by Dominique de Menil, a founder of the museum. In exchange for her help, Cyprus agreed to let the works remain in Houston for 20 years, until 2012, not indefinitely.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Baseball American League  BALTIMORE ORIOLES -- Agreed to terms with Bill Ripken, second baseman, on a one-year contract.
KANSAS CITY ROYALS -- Agreed to terms with Gregg Jefferies, infielder, on a one-year contract.
TORONTO BLUE JAYS -- Agreed to terms with Candy Maldonado, outfielder, on a one-year contract. National League  CINCINNATI REDS -- Agreed to terms with Bip Roberts, infielder, on a one-year contract.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>IT is hard to impress children. They have seen and heard it all: the special effects, the racy and gruesome images and the strident trash talk that seems destined to poison our discourse. Pop-up books would hardly, it would seem, be able to compete.
But Robert Sabuda's eye-popping images, which leap off the page into a child's face, are almost demeaned by the word pop-up. His readers peer down Alice's rabbit hole, see the cyclone spin in ''The Wizard of Oz'' and have all of Santa's reindeer rise up into the sky in ''The Night Before Christmas.''
Mr. Sabuda, 38, is indisputably the king of pop-ups. And with two million books in print -- first printings can run as high as 300,000 copies -- he has carved out a beloved niche in the world of children's literature. His books, which each take a year to create in his studio in Manhattan, seem to defy the simple medium of a book. He does not skimp on the texts, putting neat little pages next to his paper landscapes, sometimes with tiny pop-ups of their own.
He was, he says, destined to do this, for reasons that mystify him, since there was nothing in his background, other than supportive working-class parents and passionate art teachers, that urged him forward.
''I never wondered about what I wanted to be,'' he said, his lithe frame tucked up on the couch in his West Side apartment. ''I always knew.''
He grew up on a dirt road in Pinckney, a Michigan farm town.
''It got its first traffic light five years ago,'' he said. ''I had never been to a museum until I came to New York City.''
His father was a carpenter and bricklayer. His mother worked as a secretary and dance teacher. He hunted with his father, which bored him, and he danced with his mother, which he loved.
''There was not another artist in our family,'' he said, ''but my parents were creative. My dad worked with his hands. The advantage with growing up poor is that there are not a lot of expectations. It's not like I came from a family of lawyers. You get encouraged to do whatever you are good at.''
He has been drawing since his teachers let him decorate classroom bulletin boards as a boy.
''I learned on these boards what you could do with paper,'' he said.
The few pop-up books he saw as a child did not impress him. They were simple affairs, hardly worthy to be called pop-up books at all. And so he made his own. His mother brought home manila filing folders from the files of employees who had left the company.
''I made my first pop-up book when I was 9,'' he said. ''It was 'The Wizard of Oz.' I spent weeks on it. I couldn't get the cyclone to spin around. My room was a mess of paper scraps, pipe cleaners, glue and drawings. I did the illustrations with a pencil.''
He made scratch-and-sniff books, combing the supermarket for flavors. He baked cakes, but mostly, he says, so he could decorate them. And he read. He devoured classical children's literature, finding the original editions to marvel at the illustrations.
''Books are my life,'' he said. ''On my tombstone, it will read, 'Robert Sabuda, bookmaker.' I have not changed much in 30 years. I am still the same kid. I look back on my teachers, on my parents, and I see now that the kind of encouragement you get as a young adult determines the person you become.''
As a freshman in high school, he was spotted by the art teacher, Maureen Lucas.
''She told me I would go to the Pratt Institute of Art and Architecture in New York, and she would prepare me,'' he said. ''I had no idea what a big deal this was. She taught me how to draw, to really draw. I was her lump of clay. A teacher can change the course of your life. She changed mine.''
THERE was no money for school. He applied only to Pratt. If he did not get a scholarship, he decided, he would not be able to attend. He would stay in Michigan and find a job. His mother dropped him off in Brooklyn the fall he started. He has never left New York.
At Pratt, he was spotted quickly by children's book editors and hired to illustrate ''Walden,'' by Henry David Thoreau, after he graduated. In 1994 he did his first pop-up book, called Christmas Alphabet. The illustrations were white, and his publishers, who had never seen anything like it, passed it out to their sales representatives. They were nervous because of the price, nearly $20, due to high production costs.
But it was an instant hit.
''There were no copies at the publisher's by Christmas,'' he said. ''I had to buy my own at full price for my gifts, and this was when I was still rather poor.''
He says there are few in his profession, although he lives with one: his partner, Matthew Reinhart.
''Matthew and I are the only people who do this in New York City,'' he said. ''There may be 36 paper engineers on the planet. It is a small field. You don't see so many great pop-up books.''
On his Web site, robertsabuda.com, he has pop-ups that children can print out and make. He would like to do Peter Pan.
And he is considering a project -- decidedly not for children -- that might make his editors wince: the Kama Sutra.
''It is great and natural,'' he said. ''The art is really beautiful. I am sure it could be done very tastefully.''
PUBLIC LIVES<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>H. Paul Warwick, a retired advertising executive, died on Sunday at Boca Raton Community Hospital in Florida. He was 98 and lived in Boca Raton.
He died after surgery on a fractured hip, his son, John, said.
Mr. Warwick founded the Warwick & Legler advertising agency in Manhattan in 1939 and was chief executive until his retirement in 1964. He was succeeded by his son, who headed the firm, now known as Warwick Baker & Fiore, until 1985.
A native New Yorker, Mr. Warwick moved to Boca Raton in 1965. In his later years, Mr. Warwick, whose hearing was impaired, worked with Audrey Greenwald, a speech pathologist, on her book "Lip Reading Made Easy," which was published by the Alexander Graham Bell Association for the Deaf in Washington in 1984.
In addition to his son, John, of Quogue, L.I., Mr. Warwick is survived by a daughter, Mary Louise Eaton of Pleasantville, N.Y.; seven grandchildren, and one great-grandchild.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The night seemed to hold such promise for the Yankees. There was a revised lineup for the fans to argue over, with Wade Boggs replacing Bernie Williams as the leadoff hitter. There was a baseball team in the Bronx that could legitimately dream about challenging for a division title. There was another rowdy crowd at Yankee Stadium. There was even a 3-2 lead over the A's in the seventh inning.
But then the bullpen door opened and Steve Howe trotted into the game to replace Melido Perez.
The hope was about to turn to horror. The score had since been tied, 3-3, the A's had two runners on base and the dangerous Ruben Sierra was ready. Very ready. Moments after Howe's arrival, Sierra drilled his second pitch over the left-field fence for a devastating three-run homer and some of those raucous fans were silently rushing home to catch the nightly news. The baseball news had suddenly turned dreary.
Those of the 31,469 spectators who remained to witness the rest of Oakland's 8-3 victory were malicious toward Howe. After Sierra's blast, Howe made a throwing error and yielded two singles and was booed unmercifully for being the villain who destroyed New York's magical home streak of seven straight victories. Manager Buck Showalter relieved Howe, and the pitcher's ears, by bringing in Bobby Munoz. He then made Howe wait so he could usher him to the dugout as more booing filled the Stadium. A Managerial Escort
"He probably wanted to shield me in case somebody fired something at me," said Howe, who waved his hat and stuck his tongue out at rowdy fans when he was serenaded at the Stadium June 29 against Detroit. "He was being kind. It didn't help."
Who could blame them for being so volatile? They had grown accustomed to seeing victories in the Bronx, where the Yankees had won 14 of their last 16 games before last night's fiasco. Maybe the Yankees spoiled them. Maybe they thought the triumph was already in the victory column when Perez took a 3-2 lead into the seventh against the sixth-place A's. Obviously, it was not.
Twelve A's batted during the six-run seventh inning to transform the tight game into a rout and doom the Yankees to their ninth loss in their last 11 games. The Yankees have led in eight of those nine losses. Guess what? In the wacky American League East, they are still a mere two games behind Toronto.
But guess what else? Not only did the reeling Yankees begin their 11-game homestand with their fourth straight loss to the A's and skid to fourth place for the first time since May 7, they were also stung by injuries to Pat Kelly and Danny Tartabull in the third inning that may prove serious. Kelly bruised his left thigh in a collision with shortstop Mike Gallego while pursuing a chopper behind second base and Tartabull strained his right shoulder making a throw from right field to third base. Concerns Aplenty
"I'm concerned about both of them," Showalter said. "Both of their injuries forced them to come out of the game."
Showalter should also be concerned with Perez and his floundering bullpen. Perez, who failed to protect 2-1 and 3-2 leads, has been cast as a pitcher who is plagued by misfortune. But, now that he has lost three starts in a row and four of his last five decisions, the question must be asked whether missed chances and bad pitches are the real reasons for his problems.
"I don't think nothing is going right for me right now," lamented Perez.
The right-hander began the decisive seventh by walking No. 9 batter Mike Bordick, a poor start, and by allowing Rickey Henderson's single. With the runners in motion, Brent Gates slapped a single past Boggs that he might have fielded if he was not moving left to cover third base. Bad luck? It would not have been bad luck if Perez had not walked Bordick. Gates's run-scoring single tied the score, 3-3, and Howe was summoned to make the switch-hitting Sierra hit right-handed.
It seemed like sound strategy because 8 of Sierra's 12 homers and 43 of his 55 runs batted in have been as a left-hander hitter, but the Yankee bullpen can make any late-inning strategy tenuous. Sierra spoiled Showalter's move in resounding fashion by crushing Howe's middle of the plate sinker into the dark night and producing the three biggest runs of the game. The pitch was supposed to be low and away, but Howe fired it right over the plate and Sierra made it vanish.
"I just didn't have it," said Howe, who has combined with his bullpen buddies to allow 14 earned runs in the last 23 2/3 innings. "I'd love to blame it on something. I just didn't have anything."
Howe was not alone. INSIDE PITCH
After 128 straight games as the leadoff batter, BERNIE WILLIAMS was moved to sixth in the lineup Thursday with WADE BOGGS replacing him. Manager BUCK SHOWALTER made the move to reduce the pressure on Williams, who has only one stolen base in 67 games. "I really don't care where I hit in the lineup," Williams said. Boggs was comical about the switch and said: "I think it was a move we needed for more speed at the top of the lineup," and, "My goal is to get two stolen bases. Bernie only had one in the first half." In his 12th season, Boggs has 16 steals and none this year. . . . General Manager GENE MICHAEL has not slowed in his pursuit of a starter, but he conceded that his attempts to make a deal for one have been hamstrung by the tentative approach of other teams. "We're after a pitcher," he said. "Some teams aren't prepared to do it yet." Although Michael refused to say who the Yankees are interested in, Montreal's DENNIS MARTINEZ and San Diego's GREG HARRIS loom as candidates.
BASEBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Mayor Giuliani said yesterday that New York City and the Metropolitan Transportation Authority were close to a temporary truce that would save transit passes for almost 500,000 students, at least for the first few months of the coming school year.
For the first time since October, when he withdrew $128 million a year in financing for the passes, the Mayor indicated that the city might pay part of the bill.
Article, page B1.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Trammell Crow Interests, the nation's largest owner of warehouses, sought bankruptcy court protection yesterday for 46 of its properties. The Crow family company owes $295 million on the properties to the Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States. The Crow company says its difficulties pertain only to properties backed by Equitable, not to the company as a whole. "Each of these loans stands alone, and there is no obligation to contribute additional cash," said Kathy Smalley, a vice president of Crow. "It doesn't really have implications for any of the other Crow properties." She said Equitable's terms did not allow it to take any other real estate to satisfy the loans. Yesterday's filing, in Phoenix, covers properties, mostly warehouses, in Arizona, California, Colorado, Georgia, New Mexico, North Carolina and Texas. Trammell Crow Interests is distinct from the Trammell Crow Company, which specializes in property management.
COMPANY NEWS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>An article in the Neighborhood Report pages on Aug. 18 about renovations in the East Village building that once housed the Electric Circus nightclub referred incorrectly to the work. A spokeswoman for the Department of Environmental Protection said inspectors had found no asbestos at the site. The agency did not cite a work crew for removing asbestos without a permit.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Blues, noise, ostinatos and plain funk all vied for attention on Tuesday at the Knitting Factory. Herb Roberts, a cellist, led an acrobatic group through long pieces that exposed section after section of different textures, from compressed noise to fragile melodies carefully presented on just cello and trombone.
Blues, noise, ostinatos and plain funk all vied for attention on Tuesday at the Knitting Factory. Herb Roberts, a cellist, led an acrobatic group through long pieces that exposed section after section of different textures, from compressed noise to fragile melodies carefully presented on just cello and trombone.
Like many downtown composers, Mr. Roberts fixates on the power of popular music. His music wasn't functioning like popular music: it was played in a small club on Houston Street (the audience was there to listen, not dance), and it didn't have the slickness and easy pleasure of constant repetition. The group, three trombones, an alto saxophone, a drummer and a guitarist, hardly passes as standard instrumentation. But the music was loaded with riffs and rhythms that James Brown might have used. Mr. Roberts can be a furious cellist, and his slashing sometimes recalled Jimi Hendrix.
Mr. Roberts had Tim Berne, an alto saxophonist and composer, on stage with him; Mr. Berne regularly uses Mr. Roberts in his groups, and the two musicians share a few composing conceits. Mr. Roberts, like Mr. Berne, has made an art of arranging his band so that instrumental combinations change rapidly, making for exciting listening. Mr. Roberts started the second piece of the night, ''Grandpappy's Barn Dance Death Dance,'' by clapping out a rhythm. His drummer, Joey Baron, using his hands, tapped away at his drums, only to be joined by one trombone and then another. Mr. Baron switched to a funk beat and the trombones set up a swaggering riff. That broke down, leaving Mr. Roberts playing a melody with the trombones and with a guitar.
Though much of the music was brilliantly conceived, three-quarters of the way through the set, Mr. Roberts stumbled. He has a penchant for romanticism that occasionally gets out of hand, and during a suite, he started singing an embarrassingly banal lyric, full of too-obvious emotion. It stopped a terrific show dead in its tracks, and suggested that Mr. Roberts could use a collaborator to prune his excesses.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>It was one bizarre production on the heels of another as two instances of unintentional self-destruction were played out in a very public scenario in the women's semifinals at the rain-splattered French Open this afternoon.
"If I ever felt before the match that I was going to play this badly, I'd never go out there," said Steffi Graf, who, along with Gabriela Sabatini, came out on the embarrassing end of two unanticipated mismatches.
First, defending champion Monica Seles advanced to her second consecutive final here by administering a 6-4, 6-1 thrashing to Sabatini under a sprinkling sky this afternoon at Roland Garros Stadium. Then, 1989 champion Arantxa Sanchez Vicario wreaked even greater havoc on the game and composure of Graf, a two-time champion here, eliminating her by 6-0, 6-2. It was the worst defeat of Graf's professional career, and one for which she had no explanation other than an untimely absence of rapport with her tennis racquet.  Seles Holds the Edge
Seles and Sanchez Vicario will meet Saturday in the final. They have met four times previously, with Seles holding a 4-0 edge. The most recent Seles victory came on clay in straight sets in the semifinals at Hamburg, Germany, this spring.
In the men's semifinals Friday, Andre Agassi will face Boris Becker and Jim Courier opposes Michael Stich. If Agassi and Courier win, they will produce the first all-American final since 1954; if Becker and Stich prevail they will produce the first all-German final ever.
Graf not only appeared disengaged during the match, but behaved similarly after it: she seemed more bewildered and bemused than distressed by a match in which she committed 51 errors and managed to hold her serve only twice.
"I couldn't get a ball inside the court," said Graf, whose only previous loss to the 19-year-old Spaniard in 11 meetings came on this same court in the 1989 final. "I lost a few games and my confidence went down; everything I did didn't work, and I'd never had that happen before. I tried to keep the ball in play, it didn't work. I tried to hit the ball, it didn't work."
Graf's absolute disassociation from her surroundings was nowhere more evident than the moment late in the second set where, winding up for an overhead smash at netside with Sanchez Vicario far out of position, Graf slammed the ball into the alley.
The loss prevented the 21-year-old German, who had not lost a Grand Slam set by 6-0 since 1983, from immediately recapturing the No. 1 position held by Seles and also extended her streak without a victory in Grand Slam events to five. But by a quirk of the ratings computer, should Sanchez Vicario defeat Seles in the final, Graf will slip back into the top spot.  'Strange to Be No. 1'
"It's strange to be No. 1; it's different to be No. 1," said Seles, "and if I keep winning my matches I'll stay No. 1, but being No. 1 is not a great excitement like when you win a Grand Slam. I want both, but I don't want all that pressure."
The sour weather caused two interruptions of the match, and after the second rain delay, which occurred with the players caught in a dead heat at 4-4 of the first set, Sabatini appeared to forget to bring her tennis game back onto center court and lost seven quick games in succession.
Sanchez Vicario, who had promised an uninhibited game plan against Graf and delivered it, packed her shots with topspin and aimed for the sidelines right from the first point of the match.
As invisible as Sabatini was in the second set of her match, Graf was even less of a factor in the opening set of hers, and a 43-minute rain delay did not refresh her confidence.
Although Graf was a virtual nonpresence today, her father, Peter, attracted interest in the stands when he scuffled with Jim Levee, an heir to the Annenberg fortune who counts Seles and Sanchez Vicario among the handful of female players he sponsors. Levee's association with the Graf family ended on unfriendly terms several years ago. Levee, who was unhurt, contended that Graf shoved him as both men went up a stadium aisle while Sanchez Vicario served for the first set. Graf said Levee insulted his daughter; Levee said Graf manhandled him, and Levee later exchanged unpleasantries with Pavel Slozil, Graf's coach, vowing to bring bodyguards to Wimbledon for the sake of menacing Graf.
"I heard about it from my mother," said Graf, "but I have no idea what happened and I really don't care."
MATCH POINTS
None of the four men's semifinalists are averse to serving and volleying, and although ANDRE AGASSI and JIM COURIER prefer the baseline, both have taken pains to rely on more than their blunt groundstrokes.
"It's not a power tournament," said BORIS BECKER, who has never advanced beyond the semifinal round. "There are always players who can only play well on clay, but if you look at the last 10 years, the winner could always play on other courts. To win here you need more than a high spinning ball."
TENNIS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>With the holidays looming, fewer people than usual watched television on Thursday. CBS's slate of repeats -- ''Without a Trace'' (8.58 million), ''CSI'' (18.9 million) and another ''Without a Trace'' (14.23 million) -- was No. 1 for the night in total viewers and adults 18 to 49. But NBC's ''Deal or No Deal'' continued to make a ratings impact in Nielsen's estimates. It yielded 13.42 million viewers and won the 8 p.m. hour by a wide margin. ''Deal'' also helped NBC score a closer-than-usual second place in the 18-to-49 demographic.
KATE AURTHUR<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3*Selfix Inc.
Qtr to Sept 26
1992
1991
Sales
9,695,382
11,767,024
Net inc
197,711
644,389
Share earns
.06
.19
Shares outst
3,455,589
3,464,446
9mo sales
27,764,713
30,312,581
Net inc
150,729
866,114
Share earns
.04
.25
Shares outst
3,448,988
3,455,962
The company is listed on the Nasdaq National Market System.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>FENTON-Thomas L. Marketing entrepreneur dies at 61. A co-founder of Synchronal Inc., one of the earliest major successes in the infomercial industry, died at his home in Easton, Connecticut on Saturday, June 22, 2002 after a long struggle with cancer. Mr. Fenton began his career in advertising photography in New York City. He served two years as officer in charge of the Signal Corps photo unit at the U.S. Army Arctic Test Grounds at Fort Greeley, Alaska. Following his tour of duty, Mr. Fenton returned to Manhattan and actively pursued a career as a television producer at several advertising agencies and became Executive Vice President and Director of Broadcast Production at Doyle Dane Bernbach. Becoming a major force in the infomercial industry, Mr. Fenton was a founding member of NIMA, the national infomercial trade association which is presently titled Electronic Retailing Association (ERA). After selling his interest in Synchronal in 1992, he became a marketing consultant and independent entrepreneur. Mr. Fenton was born in Chicago, Illinois to Ruth and Thomas L. Fenton, who are both deceased. While attending public schools he excelled in academics and became a National Merit Scholarship winner. He began his undergraduate studies at the University of Chicago, particularly enjoying playing baseball. His education was completed at the Art Center School of Design in Los Angeles where he received a BFA in photography. He is survived by his loving wife Dana, his son Thomas Fenton and daughter Juliana Fenton of Easton, CT., his son Stephen Dirhold and grandson, Landon Dirhold of Marion, NC. He is also survived by his brother Timothy Fenton and sister-inlaw Elizabeth Fenton of Norwalk, CT and brother Robert Fenton of Kansas City, MO, and his loving nieces Laura and Anne Fenton of Norwalk, CT. A private service for the immediate family was held on Tuesday, June 25, 2002. A memorial service will be held at the Jesse Lee United Methodist Church in Easton, CT. at 4:00 P.M. on Saturday, July 13, 2002. In lieu of flowers the family requests that donations be made in the name of Thomas L. Fenton to the Jesse Lee United Methodist Church, 25 Flat Rock Road, Easton, CT. 06612.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Something special was happening as the Royal Opera House at Covent Garden in London unveiled a new production by Klaus Michael Gruber of Wagner's ''Parsifal,'' conducted by Simon Rattle. Bernard Holland's review, Page 5.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Price Table
Less than $300,000  $300,000 to $599,999  $600,000 to $899,999  $900,000 to $1.2 million  More than $1.2 million
In the following reports, the listed at price is the asking price when negotiations began that ended in the sale. Time on market is from most recent list
Amenities Table
Number of bedrooms  Number of full bathrooms  Number of half bathrooms  Weeks on market
ing to sales agreement.
*Sale in this price category not available.
Manhattan
East Midtown $285,000
310 East 49th Street  0
1
0
35 weeks
400-sq.-ft. studio co-op in a postwar building; 24-hr. doormen, windowed kitchen, h/w floors; maintenance $688, 63% tax deductible; listed at $295,000. Brokers: Prudential Douglas Elliman; City Connections.
West Village $435,000
204 West 10th Street  1
1
0
21 weeks
410-sq.-ft. co-op in a prewar building; renovated windowed kitchen, exposed brick walls, 9-ft. ceilings, h/w floors, washer/dryer; maintenance $540, 50% tax deductible; listed at $435,000. Broker: Citi Habitats.
Gramercy Park $725,000
301 East 22nd Street  1
1
0
10 weeks
750-sq.-ft. co-op in a postwar building; 24-hr. doormen, renovated kitchen and bath, terrace; maintenance $1,069, 45% tax deductible; listed at $749,000. Brokers: Halstead Property; Bellmarc.
Upper East Side $999,900
239 East 79th Street  2
2
0
12 weeks
1,300-sq.-ft. co-op in a postwar building; 24-hr. doormen, dining area, h/w floors, east and north exposures; maintenance $1,171, 54% tax deductible; listed at $999,900. Broker: Halstead Property.
Upper West Side $2.05 million
263 West End Avenue (72nd St.)  2
2
0
49 weeks
1,600-sq.-ft. co-op in a prewar building; 24-hr. doormen, dining room, river view, terrace; maintenance $1,621, 47% tax deductible; listed at $1.995 million (multiple bids). Broker: Corcoran Group.
Four Boroughs
St. George $150,000
350 Richmond Terrace, Staten Island  1
1
0
9 weeks
800-sq.-ft. co-op in a postwar building; stainless-steel appliances, 9 closets, harbor view, library in building; maintenance $585, 34% tax deductible; listed at $168,000. Broker: Gateway Arms.
Riverdale $386,000
645 West 239th Street, Bronx  2
2
0
13 weeks
1,100-sq.-ft. co-op in a postwar building; renovated baths and eat-in kitchen, h/w floors, 2 exposures; maintenance $841, 50% tax deductible; listed at $399,000. Broker: John Edwards.
Boerum Hill $774,900
556 State Street, Brooklyn  2
2
0
11 weeks
1,090-sq.-ft. penthouse condo in a new building; baths, c/a, oak floors, washer/dryer; common charge $377; taxes $804 (abated); listed at $774,900. Broker: Brooklyn Properties of 7th Avenue.
Flushing $980,000
156-05 29th Avenue, Queens  4
3
0
4 weeks
62-year-old wood ranch; family room, fireplace, den, finished basement, 2-car garage, 82-by-100-ft. lot; taxes $5,896; listed at $1,148,888. Broker: Re/Max Millennium.
Park Slope $2.475 million
171 Garfield Place, Brooklyn  5
3
0
1 week
117-year-old brick and brownstone house; dining room, renovated kitchen and baths, fireplace, bay windows, original detail, rear garden, 17-by-150-ft. lot; taxes $3,985; listed at $2.475 million. Broker: Warren Lewis.
Long Island
Glen Cove $224,500
75 Glen Keith Road  2
1
0
6 months
900-sq.-ft. co-op in a 57-year-old building; corner unit, beach and golf rights; maintenance $709, 62% tax deductible; $25 parking fee; listed at $239,000. Brokers: Fairfield; Prudential Douglas Elliman.
Port Jefferson $445,000
103 Jefferson Avenue  4
2
0
5 months
49-year-old Cape Cod; beach rights, living-room fireplace, L-shaped dining room, 2 1st-floor bedrooms, finished basement, attic, 140-by-100-ft. lot; taxes $5,176; listed at $479,000. Brokers: Coach; Jolie Powell.
Huntington $700,000
60 Greenlawn Road
4
2
1
4 months
18-year-old colonial; foyer, family-room fireplace, full basement, attic, c/a, 2-car garage, lawn sprinklers, 1-acre lot; taxes $13,901; listed at $729,000. Brokers: Daniel Gale Sotheby's; Taylor Warner.
Syosset $910,000
9 Orchard Street  4
2
1
6 months
5-year-old colonial; family-room fireplace, 2-story entry, tray ceilings, 9-ft. basement ceiling, 2-car garage, patio, 0.28-acre lot; taxes $17,259; listed at $979,000. Brokers: Daniel Gale Sotheby's; Coldwell Banker.
Woodbury $1.236 million
1 Kodiak Drive  5
3
1
3 months
46-year-old cedar-shake colonial; fireplaces in eat-in kitchen and family room, office, attic, finished basement, 3 heat zones, 4 skylights, 1-acre lot; taxes $23,653; listed at $1.399 million. Broker: Shawn Elliott.
Westchester
Buchanan $355,000*
158 Second Street
3
2
0
4 months
87-year-old colonial; front porch, large rooms, h/w floors, eat-in-kitchen, 0.23-acre lot; taxes $3,240; listed at $369,000. Brokers: Prudential Richard Albert; Coldwell Banker Residential.
Millwood $525,000
21 Ledgewood Commons  3
2
1
11 months
1,590-sq.-ft. 24-year-old town-house condo; living-room fireplace, eat-in-kitchen, deck; pool and tennis courts in complex; common charge $515; taxes $4,724; listed at $615,000. Broker: Prudential Holmes & Kennedy.
Scarsdale $739,000
265 Boulevard
3
1
1
9 weeks
46-year-old side-hall colonial; new kitchen with granite counters, h/w floors, finished room in basement, 0.11-acre fenced lot; taxes $11,311; listed at $739,000. Brokers: Coldwell Banker Residential; Sotheby's.
Eastchester $1.15 million
31 Forbes Boulevard
3
2
1
2 weeks
59-year-old colonial; h/w floors, large eat-in-kitchen, living-room fireplace, finished basement, 0.4-acre lot, taxes $19,306; listed at $1.075 million (multiple bids). Brokers: Coldwell Banker Residential; Weichert.
Armonk $2.99 million
13 North Lake Road  5
5
1
3 months
New colonial; 2-story entry, fireplace, high ceilings, steam shower, cook's kitchen, deck, 2.2-acre lot; taxes not yet assessed; listed at $3.09 million. Brokers: Prudential Holmes & Kennedy; Houlihan Lawrence.
Rockland/Orange
Maybrook $285,000
109 Prospect Avenue, Orange  4
1
1
21 weeks
47-year-old vinyl-sided split-level; pantry, family room, h/w floors, finished basement, deck, 1-car garage, 0.31-acre lot; taxes $5,500; listed at $299,000. Brokers: Prudential Rand; ARC Realty.
Sugar Loaf $425,000
1301 Kings Highway, Orange  4
2
0
31 weeks
172-year-old cedar colonial; family room, library, 2 fireplaces, office, h/w floors, 2 stairways, 2-car garage, 2.29-acre lot; taxes $8,665; listed at $449,000. Brokers: Prudential Rand; D. L. Hawkins.
Bardonia $730,000
15 Joseph Lane, Rockland  4
3
1
18 weeks
44-year-old vinyl-sided center-hall colonial; renovated kitchen and baths, family room, 2 fireplaces, whirlpool, 2-car garage, 0.92-acre lot; taxes $11,607; listed at $744,000. Brokers: Prudential Rand; Weichert.
Pomona $950,000
44 South Ridge Road, Rockland  5
2
1
31 weeks
11-year-old center-hall brick colonial; foyer, granite counters, family room, den, 2 fireplaces, patio, pool, 3-car garage, 1.09-acre lot; taxes $12,900; listed at $999,975. Brokers: Weichert; Re/Max Professional.
Palisades $2.36 million
648 Oak Tree Road, Rockland  4
5
1
5 weeks
New wood colonial; pantry, marble fireplace, family room, recreation room, den, 3 fireplaces, 2nd kitchen, whirlpool, pool, 3-car garage, 1.9-acre lot; taxes $21,887; listed at $2.65 million. Broker: Mason Samett.
New Jersey
South River $210,000
10 Little Martin Avenue  3
1
1
2 months
50-year-old colonial; new vinyl siding, windows and kitchen; enclosed porch, paved driveway, 40-by-100-ft. lot; taxes $2,366; listed at $239,900. Brokers: Davis; Atlantic.
East Brunswick $479,000
54 Helena Street  4
2
1
4 months
37-year-old colonial; recent roof, new windows and c/a, updated baths, freshly painted, 2-car attached garage, 102-by-150-ft. lot; taxes $8,761; listed at $525,000. Brokers: Davis; Weichert.
Bernards Township $610,000
53 Debra Lane  4
2
0
2 months
45-year-old bi-level; updated throughout with new roof, windows, kitchen and baths; deck, 2-car attached garage, 0.92-acre lot; taxes $8,197; listed at $628,000. Broker: Re/Max Properties Unlimited.
Montclair $1.175 million
3 Greenview Way  5
2
3
1 month
77-year-old Tudor; fireplace, leaded glass, ribbon floors, sunroom, office, deck, 2-car attached garage, 0.25-acre lot; taxes $23,402; listed at $1.195 million. Brokers: Schweppe Burgdorff ERA; Coldwell Banker.
Florham Park $1,206,250
3 Annabelle Lane  5
4
1
6 days
22-year-old brick colonial; gallery/study off living room, sunroom w/views, master bedroom w/fireplace, au pair suite, pool, garage, 1.47-acre lot; taxes $17,152; listed at $1.299 million. Broker: Weichert.
Connecticut
Stratford $280,000
115 Chasta Lane, Oronoque Village
2
2
0
3 weeks
34-year-old town-house condo; family room, cathedral ceilings, 1-car garage; pool, tennis and golf in complex; common charge $238; taxes $6,141; listed at $285,000. Broker: Prudential Connecticut.
Wilton $460,000
3 Hollyhock Lane  3
1
1
19 weeks
66-year-old aluminum-sided Cape Cod; living-room fireplace, h/w floors, full basement, commercial zoning, 1-car garage, 0.2-acre lot; taxes $5,829; listed at $499,000. Broker: Coldwell Banker Wilton.
Stamford $710,000
24 Zora Lane  4
2
1
23 weeks
42-year-old wood split-level; family room, 2 fireplaces, office, h/w floors, deck, 2-car garage, 1.03-acre lot; taxes $7,379; listed at $730,000. Broker: Country Living Associates.
Ridgefield $1.094 million
22 Gilbert Street  4
2
1
17 weeks
3-year-old wood Victorian; family room, media room, fireplace, c/a, h/w floors, deck, 2-car garage, 0.24-acre lot; taxes $13,985; listed at $1.099 million. Brokers: Keller Williams; Neumann.
Riverside $3.902 million
31 Owenoke Way  6
5
2
10 weeks
New stone and wood colonial; family room, 2 fireplaces, playroom, crown moldings, terrace, 2-car garage, 0.4-acre lot; taxes not yet assessed; listed at $3.895 million (multiple bids). Broker: Coldwell Banker Curtis.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>GORALNIK-Israel. The Officers, Boards of Directors and staff of American ORT and Women's American ORT deeply mourn the passing of Israel Goralnik, former Director-General of ORT Israel. During his tenure he contributed enormously to the development of vocational education in Israel, creating opportunities for needy students and developing new technologies. A visionary leader, he was the first recipient of the American ORT ''Yitzhak Rabin Award.'' Goralnik, who was wounded in the War of Independence, was Director-General of Israel's Ministry of Labor, and devoted himself to the education and training of Israel's youth. Our heartfelt sympathy goes out to his family. Robert L. Sill, President Joe Cohen, First V.P. Paul B. Firstenberg, Executive Director, American ORT Carol Linch, President Judy Menikoff, First V.P. Alice Herman, Executive V.P., Women's American ORT<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The Hungarian Pastry Shop, as any of its hordes of regulars will eagerly tell you, is a Morningside Heights institution. Would-be philosophers, artists and intellectuals cram themselves into rickety wooden chairs, pile their books, laptops, croissants - and, of course, coffee - on rickety wooden tables, and sit discussing everything from politics to culture to sex for hours on end.
The shop's cat-in-residence, a tricolored named Trixie, saunters down the narrow aisles as customers call to her by name and offer her bites of food from their plates.
The place is deeply beloved by the neighborhood. But a competitor is hovering in the wings.
Max Cafe, a hip up-and-comer 10 blocks north of Hungarian, on 122nd Street and Amsterdam Avenue, is seeking to develop its own legions of loyal coffee drinkers. The cafe, which opened two months ago, lacks the pastry shop's musty feel, and looks like a slice of Greenwich Village transplanted to South Harlem. Instead of small, hard chairs, there are plush velveteen sofas and love seats, perfect for lounging. Rich tapestries hang on walls, chandeliers dangle from ceilings and at night candles are lighted on every table.
Slowly but inexorably, some customers who used to hang out at the pastry shop are heading north to test drive the newcomer. Max's younger feel is attracting younger customers who prefer the new establishment's open spaces and light, airy feel over the dark pastry shop.
''I was waiting for two months before it opened,'' said Aude Lagorce, a 23-year-old freelance writer who lives in Morningside Heights. ''I don't like the whole attitude at Hungarian. It's like this fake intellectual place for old people who don't want to go to Starbucks.''
Erin Graff Zivin, a graduate student at New York University who lives around the corner from the pastry shop, tried Max for the first time on a recent Sunday, typing away on her laptop, her drink perched on a nearby table.
''I love their coffee and their pastry, but it's too dark to work at Hungarian,'' said Ms. Zivin, who plans to return. ''I've tried quite a few times, but I've never been successful.''
Max Cafe is owned by Luigi Iasilli, who also owns the restaurant Max SoHa down the block along with two other Max restaurants downtown. Mr. Iasilli had the idea for moving into the area three years ago, he said, when he got lost in Harlem on his scooter; he found the space for Max SoHa just days later.
Pamagiotis Binioris, who has owned the pastry shop since 1976, insists he is not worried. His shop is still crowded with regulars who swear they will never go anywhere else (''I'd feel guilty,'' said one woman who spends four hours a day there). But customer loyalty hasn't stopped Mr. Binioris from checking out the competition.
''I had dinner there the other night,'' he said with a smile. ''I think it's a very comfortable place.''
CHRISTOPHER JOHN FARAH
NEIGHBORHOOD REPORT: MORNINGSIDE HEIGHTS/SOUTH HARLEM<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The Boston Globe's investigation of Patricia Smith, the columnist who resigned last month after it was discovered that she invented some of the people she described, has produced evidence that her fabrications might be far more numerous than originally reported.
In addition to the four columns that Ms. Smith acknowledged had fabrications, 20 columns written since January 1996 mention people whose identities cannot be documented, The Globe's editor, Matthew V. Storin, said in a message to readers published Tuesday in The Globe, which is owned by The New York Times Company.
Ms. Smith, who was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize this year, will be asked to help review those columns and 28 columns from 1995 that have also been questioned.
Mr. Storin said yesterday that Ms. Smith's editors started a review of her columns in 1995 because of doubts about an interview with a man from Somerville, Mass., whose words too patly echoed political commentary about the President.
''They were a little too polished, a little too Washingtonesque,'' Mr. Storin said.
Mr. Storin wrote a letter on June 25 to members of the Pulitzer board explaining why he nominated Ms. Smith's work for the award despite the red flags. ''In the first week of 1996,'' he wrote, ''I spoke with Patricia about concerns over some of the people she was quoting.'' He did not ask whether she was fabricating because ''I thought it was possible she did not understand the 'rules of the road' for columns like hers.''
''I had complete confidence that she got the message,'' he wrote. ''To the charge of unjustified ignorance or naivete, I plead guilty,'' he added, apologizing ''for any embarrassment this has brought the Pulitzer selection process.''
FELICITY BARRINGER<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A selective listing by critics of The Times: New or noteworthy opera and classical music events this weekend in the New York metropolitan region. * denotes a highly recommended event. Full reviews of recent classical music and opera performances: nytimes.com/music.
Classical Music
'CELEBRATING JOHN ASHBERY' Few contemporary poets have appealed so broadly to composers as John Ashbery. Elliott Carter has set several of his focused, sharp-edged works over the last 25 years, and when WNYC celebrated its 50th anniversary, in 1994, it commissioned Mr. Ashbery to write a poem, and invited 13 composers to set it. One of those settings, Milton Babbitt's ''No Longer Very Clear,'' is included in this tribute to Mr. Ashbery by Speculum Musicae, one of New York's most virtuosic and venerable new music ensembles. Included as well are Lee Hyla's ''At North Farm,'' Charles Wuorinen's ''Stanzas Before Time,'' John Zorn's ''Stanza X From Girls on the Run,'' and one of Mr. Carter's most vivid vocal works, ''Syringa.'' The vocal soloists are Elizabeth Farnum, soprano; Mary Nessinger, mezzo-soprano; Ryan MacPherson, tenor, and Kevin Deas, bass. Tonight at 7:30, the Great Hall at Cooper Union, Third Avenue at Seventh Street, East Village, (212) 279-4200. Tickets: $20; $15 for students and 65+.
ALLAN KOZINN
THE LISTINGS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Bowing to Greek pressure, the European Community has once again postponed recognizing the independence of the Yugoslav republic of Macedonia but has left open the possibility of doing so in the coming months.
Greece has strongly opposed recognition of the southern Yugoslav republic on its borders as long as it uses a name that Athens sees as historically Greek. Athens also fears that nationalist groups next door will rekindle the violent fights of earlier this century over reuniting the fractured parts of Macedonia.
Since the 12-nation European Community, which includes Greece, recognized the independence of the former Yugoslav republics of Croatia and Slovenia, it has been under pressure to do likewise with Macedonia. But at three sessions of the community foreign ministers, Greece has managed to block action on the issue.
Officials in several capitals said today that they were still hoping to reach a common position, and France and Germany appeared particularly anxious to avoid a public rift of the kind that arose earlier this year over recognizing Croatia and Slovenia. But if no consensus is possible, officials said, several countries are likely to ignore Greece and recognize the tiny republic individually. So far, only Bulgaria and Turkey have recognized Macedonia.
"It's a delicate situation for the community," a German official said. "We recognize the sensitivities of Greece, but sooner or later we need a decision."
West European officials are also debating whether Macedonia should get a share of the United Nations peacekeeping forces that are about to be sent to Yugoslavia. Yugoslav federal troops have largely withdrawn from Macedonia, and there has been no fighting in the southern territory, whose two million people are a mixture of ethnic Albanians, gypsies, Turks, Slavs and Walachians.
Over the last several weeks, Macedonian officials have pleaded for recognition in European and North American capitals, arguing that it is vital to affirm their borders and to get access to foreign protection and economic aid. They have refused renewed requests by Serbia and Montenegro to join them in a new and smaller Yugoslavia.
In Greece, the issue has become the subject of nationalist fervor, with some politicians declaring that the "usurping" of the name Macedonia, the symbol for ancient northern Greece, is cause for war.
The Macedonian government in Yugoslavia has said that it has no territorial claims against Greece, but that it will not change its name.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Peregrine Systems said it was buying a competing line of service-desk software from Tivoli Systems, a division of I.B.M.. Peregrine is paying $45 million in cash and 3 million stock shares, for a total value of $105 million. In return, Peregrine will take on more than 1,000 customers of Tivoli, which I.B.M. bought in 1996 for $743 million, and enter a sales partnership with I.B.M. Global Services.
Chris Gaither (NYT)
TECHNOLOGY BRIEFING: DEALS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>David Swain watches the sports reports on television, and they tug at his gut, a small ache that reminds him, constantly, of what he has missed.
Nebraska played Miami in the Orange Bowl tonight for the national championship. Penn State plays Oregon on Monday in the Rose Bowl for a shot at that same title. And Swain and his Florida teammates are here at the Sugar Bowl, waiting for a rematch against rival Florida State on Monday night that means everything to the Gators, but little to the championship picture of which they thought they'd be a part.
"All you see on ESPN now is Nebraska and Penn State," said Swain, the senior center, who always expected to win a national title during his four years with the Gators. "It hurts knowing that could be us, especially since we feel like we could beat those teams."
Florida came into the 1994 season a consensus No. 1 pick, with Coach Steve Spurrier's program considered more complete than any in the nation. The Gators had a Heisman Trophy candidate in quarterback Terry Dean. And it all fell apart Oct. 15, the day Florida blew a fourth-quarter lead in a home game against Auburn, losing on a Tiger touchdown with 8 seconds to play.
That game was not as ugly, though, as the one that would end the Gators' regular-season schedule. Ahead by 31-3 in the fourth quarter of a game against Florida State, Florida watched the Seminoles rally for four fourth-quarter touchdowns. Only Florida State Coach Bobby Bowden's decision to go for the 31-31 tie, rather than the 2-point conversion and the victory, in the waning moments of the game spared the Gators total humiliation.
"We actually got over that game a lot quicker than a lot of people wanted us to," Spurrier said. "Some people wanted to make us feel like we choked or folded at the end, which is fine. That's just part of the game. They want to refer to us as Gator teams of the past who couldn't win the big game, which we don't think we are."
For Spurrier's team, the big game is now the Sugar Bowl -- a rare rematch that gives the Gators (10-1-1) a chance to regain pride, if not their national-title hopes, with a victory over the Seminoles (9-1-1). The game carries an incredible intensity for both sides, with Gator and Seminole players avoiding each other this week, and tempers flaring to the point that two Florida players came to blows at a team dinner Saturday night. The players, Darren Hambrick and Anthony Riggins, have both been suspended.
"This is one of the biggest games of my career," said Florida defensive back Larry Kennedy, a senior. "If I can't play for a national championship, I can't think of a better way to end my career than against Florida State in one of the top bowls in the country."
Feelings seem to be just as intense on the Florida State side. Clifton Abraham, a Seminole cornerback, has "guaranteed" that the Sugar Bowl will be "the best bowl game this year." Kez McCorvey, the Seminoles' top receiver, has joked about walking the streets of New Orleans, aching for a fight or a little bloodshed. The fact that the game is a rematch only adds to the fire.
"Maybe this game isn't for the national championship, but it's for straight-up pride and bragging rights for the next 365 days," said Corey Fuller, a Florida State cornerback. "This isn't just playing for the state of Florida. We've got a bowl streak on the line."
Successful in their nine previous bowls and the defending national champions, the Seminoles are shooting for a record 10th straight bowl victory and an opportunity to finish in the top four in the national rankings for a record eighth straight time.
For the Gators, though, it is even more personal. They were supposed to be the best team in the nation this season. Instead, they suffered a second straight humiliating defeat to Auburn and then were burned by the Seminoles in a game they appeared to have won. Swain and his fellow seniors know there is no way to take back the mistakes they made this season, and they are simply hoping for a small moment of redemption.
"I feel fortunate that we have a second chance," said Michael Gilmore, a senior free safety. "A lot of teams don't have a chance to redeem themselves as far as lack of concentration and execution goes. We want to prove that we aren't a fluke and that we can go out and execute our assignments.
"Life isn't always like that, but we got another chance."<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>DAWN-Dolly (born Teresa Stabile). Famous big band vocalist and recording star in '30s and '40s. Funeral Mass 7:30PM, December 18 at Church of St. Gregory the Great, 144 W. 90 St, NYC. Donations to Actors Fund of America, 729 7th Ave, NYC.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: It was one of those meetings that are very much part of New York - a half-dozen people collected to talk to a hundred others in the middle of the day about something very important, but to which there were no real answers. This time it was ethics and although nobody really expected clear solutions, still a group of busy people had decided to spend a couple of hours talking about American ethical standards and what to do about them instead of going for a walk in the winter sun.
It was one of those meetings that are very much part of New York - a half-dozen people collected to talk to a hundred others in the middle of the day about something very important, but to which there were no real answers. This time it was ethics and although nobody really expected clear solutions, still a group of busy people had decided to spend a couple of hours talking about American ethical standards and what to do about them instead of going for a walk in the winter sun.
This time the discussion - they always are called ''panels'' - had a special point because it took place at the midtown offices of the American Jewish Committee, after awards were handed out for books on Jewish themes. Most Jews are aware that they neither invented nor are the sole guardians of ethical standards but still they experience a sense of depression when something goes ethically awry among a group of Jews or in Israel.
Sometimes it is fear-rooted (will this encourage anti-Semitism?) but often the sadness comes from some lessening of collective self-image. Jews are not necessarily more ethical than any other group but they feel they are supposed to be. So when some among them are so obviously not, that tends to make for moroseness, a little slipping of mooring.
The panel was not called to discuss simply Jewish ethics. Irangate was in mind, and so was acceptance of the homeless as part of the scenery. But this group also did worry about so many Jews being involved in the Wall Street scandals and the state of Israel enmeshing an American Jew in espionage against the United States, which they took as damaging to themselves, Israel and their country. That bouncy Socialist Michael Harrington spoke and of course he gave what-for to the capitalist system. He said that one of the ethical problems of this country was that the system was good at enriching ''paper entrepreneurs'' but not as good now at increasing the real wealth of the country through production.
He said that in lecturing to college students he found there was idealism but that they did not know where to put it. He was proud that his own son Alexander had shown idealism by chalking up his very first arrest for demonstrating. Somebody suggested aloud matchmaking between Alexander and Amy Carter. At a table there was a mutter that then they should both go off to Russia and try a little demonstrating against Mr. Gorbachev, for a change.
Mr. Harrington was enthusiastic about Hegel's point that there is no value in individual ethic but that it should come from the community. He did not say what kind of ethic that would produce in a Fascist or Communist society but clues may be contained within Hegel's ''The Phenomenology of the Spirit,'' which he recommended to all assembled. Mr. Harrington is a very peppy talker, even about Marx and Hegel.
The Rev. Richard John Neuhaus, a Lutheran minister and writer, said that what the country needed most was rational deliberation, as among a free people, on how we ought to order our lives. He said that abortion was the most critical ethical issue but when it was raised people said who will decide what's right, as if that were the end of the matter instead of the beginning.
There were a couple of other speakers but everybody was waiting for Elie Wiesel to sum up the discussion. Mr. Wiesel, in addition to winning the Nobel Peace Prize and writing books that may win him another Nobel, also teaches. Like all good teachers, he poses a question that bothers him and winds up bothering the audience. In this case, how does a human being best put to use, for other humans, the ideas, the experiences, the memories of a lifetime. Everybody knew that despite his eminence he was not pretending not to know, but really did not; nobody did.
Mr. Wiesel said that whatever ethic was, it was not between God and man, but between man and man: ''God can take care of Himself.'' It did not sound at all impious, quite the reverse.
Later, in the corridor, a noted Rabbi, Wolfe Kelman, told the tale of the Hasidic mystic who went into a place where harried, weary Jewish women were rushing about making matzohs for Passover, realized they were overworked and underpaid and refused to give the owner certification that the matzohs were kosher. ''There is blood on your matzohs,'' said the Hasid. Rabbi Kelman's point was that you can observe the letter of the religious law and still be a scoundrel.
Afterward, people said that although there were no solutions they had received a lot to turn over in their minds, which of course is the point of these meetings in the middle of the day and makes them even better than a brisk wintertime walk.
ON MY MIND<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The United States Census reports that whites, not Indians, make up almost the entire population of the Onondaga Indian Reservation.
A Census official called the finding "bizarre"; Indian leaders were incensed.
"There are no whites here," said Leon Shenandoah, chief of the Six Nations of the Iroquois Confederacy and a resident of the reservation, which is south of Syracuse.
Census figures released on Thursday claim that only two of nearly 800 people on the reservation are Indians. Instead, they listed 759 whites, three blacks and seven Asian-Americans.
The assistant regional Census manager in Boston admitted the calculations were "bizarre."
"There appears to be some inconsistency here," said Harold Wood.
Census counters never went to the reservation. Mr. Shenandoah said Indians were given some Census forms, but he does not know what was done with them.
"We don't give out those figures. It's none of their business," Mr. Senendoah said. "I don't know how many are there myself. I know who they are, but we don't count them."
Ginny Doctor, executive director of the North American Indian Club of Syracuse, blamed a computer or a typographical error for the Onondaga Nation gaffe. She estimated that 700 to 800 Indians live on the reservation.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>INTERNATIONAL A3-11
Hanging of Hussein Kin Results in Decapitation  The execution of Saddam Hussein's half brother ended with the hangman's noose decapitating him after he fell through the gallows trapdoor. An official video was played to a small group of Iraqi and Western reporters more than 13 hours after the hanging. A1
With the first wave of additional soldiers already arriving in Iraq, the top American military commander warned that it could take months before there are any real signs of progress.  A8
Chechen Amnesty Plan  A Russian-sponsored amnesty program, intended to entice Chechen militants into civilian life ended with official assertions that hundreds had accepted the offer and that the program had further weakened the separatist insurgency.  A8
6 in London Bomb Plot on Trial  In a courthouse in London, close to the high-security Belmarsh prison, six men appeared on trial, charged with conspiracy to murder and cause explosions on July 21, 2005.  A3
Somalia Shuts 3 Radio Stations  Somalia's transitional government shut three of the country's biggest radio stations, accusing them of broadcasting incendiary propaganda.  A3
Rice Calls Meeting on Mideast  Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice announced that she would call together Israeli and Palestinian leaders for what she described as a high-level, yet informal, meeting in hopes of pushing along moribund peace efforts.  A10
NATIONAL A14-19
More Women Now Living Without Spouse at Home  For what experts say is probably the first time, more American women are living without a husband than with one, according to a New York Times analysis of census results.
A1
Condo Market Reversal  Since the middle of 2006, the frenzied condominium market in big cities like Washington, Miami and Boston has collapsed. Once roaring sales have slowed to a trickle.
A1
Surprise in Kidnapping Case  In minutes, a Missouri man went from unassuming and good-natured pizza cook to accused mastermind child abductor, and the people who were most surprised were among those who knew him best.
A19
Celebrating Without Mrs. King  Politicians, religious leaders and relatives of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. gathered in the tiny chapel in Atlanta that was his spiritual home to celebrate his birthday, but for the first time without the presence of his widow.
A16
Storm Kills Dozens in 6 States  An icy storm has caused the deaths of at least 41 people in six states, including seven Mexicans in a van in Oklahoma apparently traveling in search of jobs. The storm has now expanded its reach from Texas to the Northeast.  A14
Shantytown Emerges in Miami  Umoja, a shantytown in the shadow of the biggest construction boom in Miami, is part social protest and part social experiment based on a court ruling that Miami could not criminalize homeless people for conducting ''life-sustaining acts'' on public land if shelters were filled.
A14
NEW YORK/REGION B1-7
Buffalo Police Arrest Man Linked to Series of Attacks  The Buffalo police said that genetic testing showed a match between a factory worker and evidence from three murders and several rapes that occurred around the University of Buffalo over a quarter century.  B1
A Jump in Organ Donations  Organ donation across downstate New York has risen sharply, from 199 donors in 2001, to 319 last year. The main reason for the success are family services coordinators. B1
Neediest Cases
B6
BUSINESS DAY C1-8
G.E. Buys Smiths Aerospace  General Electric said that it would purchase Smiths Aerospace. The companies said they would pool their technologies for detecting bombs, chemicals and other dangerous items into a joint venture.
C1
Netflix's New Venture  The death of Netflix, an online system for renting DVDs, was predicted late in 2002, but today the company has nearly $1 billion in revenue. Now, Netflix is attempting to deliver movies directly to users' PCs.
C1
Business Digest C2
ARTS E1-12
Golden Globes Honors  At the Golden Globes, ''Babel'' won the award for best dramatic movie. Martin Scorsese won for directing ''The Departed,'' while ''Dreamgirls'' scooped up awards for a pair of its actors. E1
OBITUARIES B8
Bradford Washburn  An explorer who led a mapping of the Grand Canyon, he was 96.  B8
EDITORIAL A20-21
Editorials: Energy time; tracking outsourced bonanzas; fix the dysfunctional Family Court; Serge Schmemann on the fall of a Polish bishop.
Columns: Nicholas D. Kristof, Stacy Schiff.
Crossword E8  TV Listings E11  Weather D8<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3*Grainger (W.W.) (GWW,N)
Qtr to Mar 31
1995
1994
Sales
806,827,000
706,369,000
Net inc
46,869,000
b41,538,000
Share earns
.92
.81
Shares outst
51,216,696
51,230,731
b-Included restructuring charges of $ 337,000.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>METCALFE-Tristram W., Jr. Age 84, Plainfield, MA, died on February 7, 1997.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: A May wedding is planned by Christina Marie Dineen, a senior at Boston College, and First Lieut. Sean Patrick Sullivan of the Marine Corps.
A May wedding is planned by Christina Marie Dineen, a senior at Boston College, and First Lieut. Sean Patrick Sullivan of the Marine Corps.
Ms. Dineen, 22 years old, is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John W. Dineen of Norfolk, Mass. Her father is the regional manager in Boston for Thompson Consumer Electronics in Indianapolis.
Lieutenant Sullivan, 24, graduated from the United States Naval Academy. He is an intelligence officer at Camp Pendleton, Calif.
He is a son of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph J. Sullivan Jr. of New York. His father is the president of Joe Sullivan & Associates, an executive search company in New York, and of the Peconic Bay Broadcasting Corporation, the operator of WBAZ-FM in Southold, L.I. The prospective bridegroom's mother, Barbara Sullivan, is the chief financial officer of his father's companies.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: A Federal judge indicated yesterday that he intended to create a special commission with the power to carry out his court-ordered housing desegregation plan in Yonkers, bypassing a recalcitrant City Council that has refused to put his order into effect.
A Federal judge indicated yesterday that he intended to create a special commission with the power to carry out his court-ordered housing desegregation plan in Yonkers, bypassing a recalcitrant City Council that has refused to put his order into effect.
The judge, Leonard B. Sand of District Court in Manhattan, said at a hearing that Yonkers had ''abdicated'' its governing role by repeatedly thwarting the orders of a Federal court, becoming instead ''a national symbol of defiance of Federal Civil Rights orders.''
As outlined by Judge Sand, the new body, known as the Yonkers Affordable Housing Commission, would consist of five members: two representing the plaintiffs in the eight-year-old case, two representing the city, and one, to be appointed by the judge, who would cast any tie-breaking votes.
The commission would be vested with the powers held by the seven-member City Council to control the size, design and location of 800 units of ''assisted,'' or affordable, housing that Judge Sand has ordered to be built. The commission also would approve tax incentives, grants and other forms of assistance the city would provide to encourage participating developers. Deadline Set for Comments
The city's governing body, opposed to construction of low- and middle-income housing in mostly white neighborhoods, ''will be reduced to an irrelevancy'' in the housing matter, said Mayor Nicholas C. Wasicsko, the only Council member who had favored compliance.
An opponent of the desegregation plan, Councilman Peter Chema, a Republican, said the judge's intended action ''will disenfranchise the people,'' who he said were opposed to the plan.
Councilman Edward J. Fagan Jr., a Conservative, said Judge Sand ''has accomplished what he wanted - to implement his plan.'' Mr. Fagan said city lawyers told him that they saw no hope of a legal remedy. And there were no plans for a meeting of the Council, which has recessed until Aug. 31.
Joe Krovisky, a spokesman for the United States Justice Department, one of the plaintiffs, said lawyers in the department's civil rights division could not recall a Federal judge taking such an action in a housing case, although there were precedents in school desegregation cases.
Judge Sand set a deadline of July 22 for comments on his proposal for a commission, indicating that it could be signed into law soon after. The two places on the commission set aside for city officials include the City Manager, who is appointed by the Mayor and the Council, and the head of the Yonkers Municipal Housing Authority, who is appointed by the Authority's Board of Directors. The directors are named by the Mayor.
The 800 units represent the second part of the housing remedy ordered by Judge Sand after he found Yonkers guilty in 1985 of four decades of intentional and unlawful discrimination in housing and education. A school desegregation plan is in place and the first part of the housing plan, construction of 200 units of low-income housing, is under way. Mostly White Neighborhoods
All of the housing is planned for the mostly white neighborhoods of east and north Yonkers. The opposition of City Council members to participate in the designation of neighborhoods for the low- and middle-income housing brought the plan to a standstill and created the confrontation with Judge Sand.
Council members agreed last January, after nearly two years of delay, to designate seven sites for the first 200 units. Compliance came against a backdrop of shouting and whistling in the chamber, and demonstrations by opponents of the desegregation plan have continued, even when housing is not being discussed.
Judge Sand had threatened Yonkers with contempt of court citations and with fines beginning at $100 and doubling each day, a schedule that would bankrupt the economically hard- pressed city within a month. Such a threat last January prompted the City Council to select seven sites for the first 200 public housing units.
The Council also agreed then to the outlines of the long-term plan, but last month, in actions that city lawyers saw as clearly contemptuous, the Council reversed itself. It voted to halt condemnation proceedings against the most controversial of the seven sites, a parcel of land owned by a seminary that has since objected to its use for housing, and refused Judge Sand's request that members reaffirm their commitment to put into effect the long-term plan. Jail Time Suggested
The judge, responding sharply, asked the plaintiffs to suggest ways of putting his order into effect. They recommended a timetable of compliance coupled with fines, jail time for elected officials, and powers for an Office of Implementation that would take the housing plan away from the Council.
Judge Sand, at yesterday's hearing, moved beyond the fines and jail time to proposing that he strip the Council of its power to govern in the housing case. Brian Heffernan, speaking for the Justice Department, said the personal penalties should remain, because Yonkers officials had shown ''total disrespect for the law.''
Michael Sussman, a lawyer for the Yonkers chapter of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, the other plaintiff in the case, said that although he supported fines and jail time for city officials, the officials would only become ''martyrs.'' He also said that it was more important to the city's minority population, clustered in the Southwest section, to see that the housing was built.
Mayor Wasicsko said Judge Sand was ''shrewd'' in moving directly to put in effect the housing plan, rather than opening the way to rounds of threats and compliance. As for the six other Council members, who are likely to oppose the judge's action, ''they have their constituents to face,'' the Mayor said.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
I agree with Anthony Lewis that privacy is essential to a civil society (column, Sept. 8), but he surrenders common sense in stretching it into an absolute ''right to be let alone.''
Mr. Lewis's conclusion that we should never use ''the terrible power of the criminal law'' to ferret out private secrets is libertarian nonsense. It is the cornerstone of our judicial system that a party seeking legal redress has the right to, as the Supreme Court once put it, ''every man's evidence.'' This includes the secrets of one's private life, if they are relevant to a legal proceeding.
STEVEN DE SALVO  Seattle, Sept. 8, 1998<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>GORDON P. GETTY has offered $1.7 million to help rebuild the Globe Theater in London, providing the British do their part, the Shakespeare Globe Trust announced Tuesday. Their share, stipulated by Mr. Getty, would be $13.5 million allocated by the Government to complete the project, the trust said.
The first phase of the Globe reconstruction, including the foundations and walls, was finished last year along the Thames River across from the London financial district. The open-air theater was built in 1599 at Bankside on the south side of the Thames. It burned down in 1613, was rebuilt the following year and was demolished in 1644.
Mr. Getty, a composer, and his wife, ANN GETTY, are better known in philanthropic circles as generous contributors to opera companies. But the couple's English connection runs deep. Mr. Getty's late father, the billionaire J. Paul Getty, lived for 25 years at Sutton Place outside London before his death in 1976. Mrs. Getty operates Grove Weidenfeld, a New York publishing concern she created with the help of GEORGE WEIDENFELD, who heads the British publishing firm of Weidenfeld & Nicholson.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Eugene J. Keogh, who as a Congressman from Brooklyn was the principal sponsor of the pension-plan legislation that bears his name, died of pneumonia yesterday at St. Vincent's Hospital. He was 81 years old and lived in Manhattan.
Eugene J. Keogh, who as a Congressman from Brooklyn was the principal sponsor of the pension-plan legislation that bears his name, died of pneumonia yesterday at St. Vincent's Hospital. He was 81 years old and lived in Manhattan.
Mr. Keogh served in Congress for 30 years, representing a district that extended north from Jamaica Bay through parts of Canarsie, New Lots, East New York, Cypress Hills and Bushwick. He was elected handily every two years in the heavily Democratic district.
Under the Keogh Plan, enacted in 1962, self-employed people like doctors, lawyers, salesmen and freelance writers may, for pension purposes, invest part of their income in a fund that is exempt from Federal taxes until the money is withdrawn at retirement. The plan allowed participants to attain benefits roughly equal to those under corporate pension plans.
Mr. Keogh was born in Brooklyn. He received a bachelor's degree from New York University and a law degree from Fordham while working as a public-school teacher and as a clerk for the city's Board of Transportation. Resumed Law Practice
He began practicing law in 1932 and three years later served briefly in the New York Assembly. In 1936 he was elected to the first of his 15 terms in the House of Representatives, where he became a member of the influential Ways and Means Committee and was active in the effort to pass Medicare legislation.
After his retirement at age 59, he resumed full-time practice with the law firm of Halpin, Keogh & St. John until the early 1970's. He served as counsel to the firm of Abberley, Kooiman, Marcellino & Clay until early last year.
He was a member of the New York State Racing and Wagering Board from 1973 to 1976 and for many years was chairman of the Franklin Delano Roosevelt Memorial Commission, which sought to erect a monument to the former President in Washington.
Mr. Keogh also served on a number of corporate boards, including the City Title Insurance Company, the American Chemosol Corporation and Athlone Industries Inc. He was a trustee of the East New York Savings Bank.
He is survived by his wife, the former Virginia Fogerty; a son, E. Preston Keogh of San Francisco; a daughter, Susan Clarke of Manhattan, and two grandchildren.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: ''They have them in Dublin, but this is great.''  - John Redmond of Dublin,  at the St. Patrick's Day  parade in New York City.  [ B3:3. ]
''They have them in Dublin, but this is great.''  - John Redmond of Dublin,  at the St. Patrick's Day  parade in New York City.  [ B3:3. ]<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Two of the largest cash machine networks in the Northeast said yesterday that they had agreed to merge. The New York Switch Corporation, which runs the NYCE network, and the Yankee 24 Network will combine to form a network of 13,000 automated teller machines from New Jersey to Maine.
The move is part of a rapid consolidation among banking networks, which are becoming more aggressive in seeking profits from electronic payments. When they were formed about a decade ago, cash machine networks were simply associations of banks that each agreed to share their A.T.M.'s with each other.
Now most networks, including NYCE and Yankee 24, want their banks' cards to be used to make purchases in stores. And they see additional opportunities including other payment services, such as offering bill payments by telephone or personal computer.
Last year, four large banks merged their A.T.M. systems into a new company called Electronic Payment Services. This company, which incorporates NYCE's main competitor, the Corestates Financial Corporation's MAC network, put pressure on NYCE to expand.
"The electronic interface between the consumer and the financial institution is going to be the predominant way one conducts financial transactions," Gary S. Roboff, NYCE's president, said. "Our owners have been much more desirous of earning a real profit from their stake in the payment system."
Though NYCE is a for-profit corporation, owned by seven large banks, it has chosen to minimize profit to charge member banks low fees. Yankee 24 is a not-for-profit association of 400 banks.
The new combined network will be for-profit and will be managed to maximize the earnings for its shareholders, Mr. Roboff said. Management Undecided
The exact owners of the network have not been determined, but they are likely to include NYCE's shareholders and the larger members of Yankee 24, including the Shawmut National Corporation and the Bank of Boston. The organizations have not yet decided who would run the combined organization or what its service name would be.
Separately, Citibank, the largest New York bank that is not a member of NYCE, has been negotiating to buy a stake in that network, mainly so its A.T.M. cards can be used in NYCE terminals in stores.
The combined network would be the country's largest in terms of transactions processed. NYCE is now ranked No. 2, after the Star System in California, and Yankee 24 No. 9. The proposed new network might not be the largest for long: Honor and MOST, the third- and fifth-largest networks, respectively, are also in talks about a merger that would be even larger.
Yankee 24 has been under increasing pressure in recent years, largely from NYCE. Two years ago the Fleet Financial Corporation switched from Yankee 24 to NYCE, and Baybanks, Boston's leading consumer bank, is a member of NYCE. Indeed, 2,500 of Yankee 24's 4,000 A.T.M.'s are already also connected to NYCE.
As the networks moved more to placing terminals in retail settings, a combination made even more sense. Most large supermarket chains in the Northeast now accept A.T.M. cards from member banks of either NYCE or Yankee 24.  COMPANY NEWS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A Manhattan man has been convicted of leaving messages on thousands of beepers for a telephone number that cost $55 to call.
While the 23-year-old defendant, Michael Brown, never made a dime, prosecutors said he stood to make millions before he was caught last year. They said he tried to defraud thousands of potential victims.
Otto G. Obermaier, the United States Attorney in Manhattan, said Mr. Brown hooked up two computers in his apartment and then attached them to two telephone lines.
On one line, the computers placed more than 4,000 calls a day to pagers that people carry with them. A message said that a return call for telephone-based informational services should be made to a special 540 number on Mr. Brown's second line tied to the second computer. What Callers Were Not Told
What the unsuspecting people who returned the calls were not advised is that it would cost them $55 a call, in violation of a New York State Public Service Commission regulation requiring operators of toll numbers to advise incoming callers of the cost so they can hang up before being charged.
But Mr. Brown devised a scheme in which the computer kept callers on the line for at least 20 seconds, the time required so they could be billed for $55 by the telephone company.
In a six-day period in February 1991, the first computer spewed out a total of 26,000 calls. If all the beeper owners had returned the calls, the bills would have totaled more than $1.4 million. But the fraud did not last long because irate subscribers inundated New York Telephone with complaints of the $55 charge.
By the time the company notified Federal prosecutors and disconnected Mr. Brown's two lines, he had billed a total of $198,000.
But prosecutors said that he never collected a dime, and that New York Telephone made no effort to collect the bills. And after his conviction on Wednesday he faces up to five years in prison and a fine of $250,000 when he is sentenced on Oct. 28. He is free on $30,000 bail.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: The steep fall of the dollar has created a catastrophic situation for Airbus Industrie, the European commercial aircraft consortium, the Foreign Trade Minister of France, Michel Noir, said in an interview published this week. Mr. Noir told the newspaper
The steep fall of the dollar has created a catastrophic situation for Airbus Industrie, the European commercial aircraft consortium, the Foreign Trade Minister of France, Michel Noir, said in an interview published this week. Mr. Noir told the newspaper
France-Soir that because of the dollar's decline, the consortium would have to sell its wide-bodied jets at a loss.
He noted that the dollar's 25 percent depreciation against the leading European currencies in the last year had eliminated Airbus Industrie's profit margin. ''As a result, the planes that will be delivered in the coming months will be sold at a loss because they were billed in dollars and their cost price has not fallen by 25 percent,'' Mr. Noir said.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Rebecca J. Rowe, a daughter of Dr. Valerie Rowe and Dr. John Rowe of New York, was married yesterday to Marc C. Small, the son of Joline Small and Michael Small of Acton, Mass. The Rev. Richard E. Black, a Methodist minister, performed the ceremony at the Spruce Point Inn in Boothbay Harbor, Me.
Ms. Rowe, 28, is keeping her name. She graduated from Bowdoin College in Brunswick, Me., and is a candidate for a Ph.D. in evolutionary biology at the University of Chicago. Her mother is the coordinator of the master's degree program for elementary school teachers at the Tarrytown, N.Y., campus of Fordham University, where she is also a clinical associate professor of education. Her father is the chairman and chief executive of Aetna, the health insurer in Hartford.
Mr. Small, 30, teaches middle school mathematics and science at the North Shore Country Day School in Winnetka, Ill. He graduated from Colby College in Waterville, Me., and received a Master of Education degree from Harvard. His mother is the assistant to the athletic director at Acton-Boxborough Regional High School. His father, who is retired, worked in Canton, Mass., as the vice president and general manager of the engineered materials unit of W. R. Grace & Company, a maker of chemicals and materials.
WEDDINGS/CELEBRATIONS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A father and six of his nine children died in a house fire apparently linked to the family's Christmas tree, the authorities said today.
Martin Dell'Orco and the six children, ranging in age from 4 to 12 years old, were killed late Saturday in the fire in Canton Township in suburban Detroit, said Fire Chief Melvin Paulun.
Mr. Dell'Orco, 38, escaped at first and was then killed when he returned to the house in an attempt to save the children, the authorities said.
Capt. Art Winkel of the police said the fire, which apparently started when the Christmas tree fell over in the family room, spread quickly through the one-story home. It was unknown how the tree fell or what set off the fire after the fall, Captain Winkel said.
Chief Paulun said Mr. Dell'Orco's wife, Debbie, 36, and their son Adam, 6, escaped. Mrs. Dell'Orco was released after being treated at St. Joseph Mercy Hospital in Ann Arbor. The boy did not require hospital treatment. Dead Are Identified
The dead children were identified as Bonnie, 12; Sara, 9; Katie, 8; 5-year-old twins, Megan and Michael, and Robert, 4. The bodies were found throughout the house.
Two teen-age children, Jimmy, 16, and Kelly, 14, were not at home when the fire started.
"It's a tragedy almost beyond comprehension," said Steve Garsela, 40, a neighbor and family friend. "Marty lived for those kids."
Chief Paulun said firefighters found the ranch-style house engulfed by flame when they arrived about 11:15 P.M. He said intense heat blocked firefighters from entering the house, and one firefighter suffered minor burns.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The Toyota Motor Corporation, continuing its aggressive effort to cut manufacturing costs, reported today that net income had improved in its last fiscal year despite a decline in vehicle sales.
The company also announced a wholesale shake-up of its board as part of an effort by Hiroshi Okuda, its aggressive new president, to rejuvenate management. Fourteen of the 54 company directors are being replaced, including two of the five executive vice presidents.
In the year ending on March 31, Toyota, Japan's largest auto maker, recorded net income of $257 billion yen, or $2.4 billion, on sales of 10.7 trillion yen,  or $101.1 billion.
Comparisons with the previous fiscal year are difficult because it was only nine months long, as Toyota changed its calendar from a fiscal year ending in June to one ending in March to conform with common Japanese practice.
However, the company said that if it adjusted the previous year to 12 months, last year's net income would have been up 46.1 percent while sales would have declined 1 percent.
Much of the gain in net income is the result of lower taxes. Pretax income would have risen 14.8 percent and operating income, 2.1 percent, with the previous year calculated to 12 months.
Toyota said it managed to cut 130 billion yen, or $1.2 billion, from its costs in the last year, largely by designing vehicles that were less expensive to manufacture.
But the revenue side proved tough last year for Toyota. Its sales in Japan fell eight-tenths of 1 percent, to 2.08 million vehicles, even as Japan's auto market started to recover from a several-year-long slump. A revitalized Nissan and Honda began taking market share on the strength of popular new models, lowering Toyota's share a bit below the 40 percent the company regards virtually as its birthright.
Toyota mounted a fierce campaign to regain market share. But competitors and  some dealers complained that the company had artificially inflated its new-car registration totals by forcing dealers to buy cars themselves and register them. Such automobiles, though never driven, are then sold later as used cars. Toyota  has denied it forced dealers to register cars in this way.
The company's exports dropped 17.7 percent, to 1.17 million vehicles, a result of overall strength in the Japanese yen and the shift to overseas manufacturing.
Factory sales of vehicles outside Japan dropped 7.8 percent, to 2.09 million  units. Company officials said sales by dealers outside Japan reached a record, but some of those sales came from high inventories the dealers had accumulated the previous year.
Toyota is predicting that this year will see stronger sales, and a 2.9 percent gain in exports.
The company's management shake-up reflects the hand of Mr. Okuda, who became  president last year and whose aggressive agenda has included the promotion of younger managers.
"We have to regenerate the company," Toshiaki Taguchi, a director, said.
As is typical for Japanese companies, the board of Toyota is made up of its top few ranks of executives, not of outsiders. With annual stockholders meetings held in June, it is customary for companies to announce changes to their boards  at this time of the year.
But this year's changes at Toyota are sweeping. In a typical year, anywhere from a handful to 10 directors might leave; this year, 14 are retiring or being shifted to other positions. At the same time, the company is promoting 16  younger executives to directors.
Still, youth is a relative concept in Japan, and the generally conservative Toyota is not overturning the seniority system in wholesale fashion. The youngest of the new directors is 52.
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The instant Mets center fielder Jay Payton saw the Yankees' Luis Sojo gently slap Al Leiter's 142nd pitch of the night up the middle with two out in the ninth, he sprinted forward as he watched the ball bounce past the pitcher's mound and between the lunging shortstop and second baseman.
''I was hoping one of the infielder's could knock it down,'' Payton said. ''But I kept charging, just in case. It got through and I got it as fast as I could.''
He reached the ball quickly, whipped a nearly perfect throw toward home plate with such force that he landed flat on his stomach. But with catcher Mike Piazza slightly out of position, tucked just behind the base path at the side of the plate, the ball hit the Yankees' Jorge Posada as he crossed in front of Piazza at home.
On a wild ricochet that landed in the dugout, not only did Posada score the go-ahead run, Scott Brosius, who had reached on a two-out single, scored, as well. It was a devastating sequence of events for the Mets, who soon watched the Yankees celebrate.
''I saw the ball wasn't hit hard,'' said Payton, who went 2 for 4 on the night and scored one run. ''I came as hard as I could and went flying to get the throw off. I left everything I had out on the field. I came charging, and if I missed it, I missed it. But I got it and thought it was going to be bang-bang. I guess I was a split-second late or something. It may have been right, but I thought it had a chance. Unfortunately, it hit Posada.''
Payton was so close to saving the moment. The 26-year-old rookie who had persevered through repeated arm operations and gritted out five seasons in the minors was within an inch of becoming a folk lore hero for his strong throw home.
''It's difficult to have a situation like that end the way it did, but busted my tail to get there, just wasn't enough,'' Payton said. ''But I think every one of us went all out, left every ounce of ourselves on the field. Al Leiter was great; he went out fighting, scraping to keep us going. No one has anything to hang thier heads about.
''It's disappointing and a lot of the guys are upset. But we did everything we could. We just got out-played, I guess. We did a lot of great things as a team this year. We have a lot to be proud of.''
BASEBALL: SUBWAY SERIES<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Two hundred years ago this week, the Legislature authorized the purchase of 35 books that formed the original collection of the New Jersey State Library, which will celebrate its bicentennial today with ceremonies in the Assembly chambers. The library has 500,000 books, but it did not buy any books in the last fiscal year. Instead, the library spent its $180,000 book-acquisition budget on computers, said Robert L. Bland, director of the State Government Information Services Bureau. Although the library resumed buying new books this  year, next year's budget for acquiring books has been cut by $130,000.
NEW JERSEY DAILY BRIEFING<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A former school superintendent and four others were sentenced yesterday to pay nearly $5 million in restitution to a southeast Queens school district. They have admitted to defrauding the school district in a scheme to rig bids, receive kickbacks and fix lucrative computer contracts, the authorities said yesterday. Celestine Miller, 61, the former superintendent of School District 29 in southeast Queens, and her husband, William Harris, 84, along with three others, pleaded guilty in October to the charges, which involved five corporations. They were sentenced yesterday to pay the restitution but were not required to serve prison time. The authorities said that the defendants had already paid back $1 million.
Sarah Kershaw (NYT)<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>HALF the babies born in New York City go home from the hospital to families  with incomes below the poverty level. Something like 10 million children in this country lack health insurance. And, on average, American children spend 1,500 hours a year watching television, compared with just 900 in the classroom.
But never mind all that. As a result of a public outcry, Calvin Klein Inc. has canceled its new advertising campaign -- including a controversial billboard in Manhattan's Times Square -- for a line of children's underwear. The ads showed children actually wearing the underwear, a fact that astonished and appalled conservative groups, psychologists and others.
The odd thing about this latest business capitulation to fin de siecle Puritanism is that hardly any of those guardians of public morals have raised a voice against the everyday commercial abuse of children. TV series and advertising subject young viewers to a never-ending procession of violence and hucksterism, but it is only ads like Calvin Klein's -- decried as giving comfort to pedophiles -- that are removed from view.
Consider the data. According to the Center for Media Education, a nonprofit group in Washington, an average child ''will witness more than 100,000 acts of violence on TV, including 8,000 murders'' by the time he  completes elementary school. The numbers double by the end of high school.
Some reasonable people believe that seeing all this violence makes children become more violent, desensitizes them to real violence and gives them the impression that  the world is a sicker and more dangerous place than it really is.
As for commercials, the Center for Media Education says the average viewer sees a million of them, including 100,000 for alcohol, by the age of 21. ''Children see at least an hour of commercials for every five hours of programs they watch on commercial TV,'' it noted, adding that most children under 6 don't even know they're being sold something when they watch commercials.
Jerry Della Femina, the veteran ad executive, found it odd that critics focused on the  supposedly sexual undertones of the Klein ads. He found fault instead with the whole notion of selling high-priced undergarments for young children -- clothing that no one sees, after all, except in the ads. ''There is an obscenity here: selling designer underwear for little kids,'' he said. ''I wouldn't buy designer underwear for my kids.''
Indeed, Mr. Della Femina has observed just how ordinary, if artful, the Klein ads happened to be. ''Every one of your viewers,'' he said in a television interview, ''has a catalogue at home that has a children's  underwear ad in it that looks like this.''
Critics of the ads, along with those who advocate Internet censorship to protect children, seem to hark back to a time of sexual innocence that has somehow been lost. But it is far from clear just who introduced the sexual snake into the cultural garden. One of the Teletubbies seems gay to some people, a perception noted in the general press long before it was trumpeted by the National Liberty Journal of the Rev. Jerry Falwell.
BUT was the past so innocent? Remember the Coppertone girl, with that cute little dog who pulls down her briefs to reveal that cute little tush? What happens when the forces of morality and good order discover that the sweet kid with the white bottom lives on at www.coppertone.com, right there on the product's Web page? Pedophiles, start your browsers!
Yet there is no denying that some innocence has been lost. Can any grown-up today consider the relationship of Batman and Robin, or the tendency of Bugs Bunny to dress as a woman to bedevil Yosemite Sam,  as entirely without sexual implications? The characters haven't changed; the implications, celebrated or decried, are in the eye of the implicator. ''In a curious way,'' Jacob Weisberg wrote recently in Slate, the on-line magazine, ''gays, their friends and their enemies have all collaborated in destroying the sexual innocence of cartoon characters by making an issue out of it.''
American children, meanwhile, muddle along. Nearly a third are born out of wedlock. And in their final year of secondary school, students in the United States score near the bottom in international rankings of math literacy, just behind Lithuania (but ahead of Cyprus). Foreign children may beat the pants off ours in math, but don't worry. In Times Square, at least, you won't see American kids in their underwear.
THE CULTURE OF MONEY Daniel Akst is a novelist and financial journalist. His column on the cultural dimensions of money and business appears the first Sunday of each month. E-mail: culmoney@nytimes.com.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Because of an editing error, an article on Sunday about Sean Ryan, one of two Mount Rainier park rangers who fell to their death while attempting to rescue an injured climber, incorrectly described his father, an oceanographer. It was Sean Ryan, not his father, who participated in a marine geology program in Barbados.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3*E-Z-EM Inc.(NMS)
Qtr to Aug 28
1993
1992
Sales
21,667,000
21,319,000
Net loss
723,000
5,000
Shares outst
8,309,667
8,303,260<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The police nicknamed them the "crash and carry gang," and they robbed fancy New York stores like Lanvin, Tourneau Corner and Antonovich Furs. The name came from their unsubtle methods -- more like rhino burglary than cat burglary: They would crash a stolen truck through the front windows in the early morning darkness, grab what they could and race away.
"It was like a bomb hit the store," said the vice president of Jindo Furs, whose shop on Manhattan's East Side was cleaned out four years ago.
To manage their getaways, the gang made 911 calls sending officers the wrong way, stationed lookouts at intersections and drove souped-up Chevrolet Monte Carlos at maniacal speeds. They were finally caught after a witness to their robbery of a SoHo art gallery got in his car and trailed them to a Brooklyn warehouse.
Beginning as teenagers in the late 1970's, the gang's members, most of them from Queens, robbed up to 800 stores, warehouses and galleries. Investigators said they also killed five people. Fourteen suspected gang members were indicted on racketeering charges last week, including their reputed boss, 31-year-old Robin Scott Tellier. Mr. Tellier was already in state prison on other charges and, if convicted, faces life imprisonment.
OCT. 25-31<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Looming over the Piazza Castello, a vast square in Turin's heart where elaborate nightly medal presentations will be staged during the 2006 Winter Olympics, is a 100-foot-high castle incorporating Roman, Renaissance and Baroque architecture. Across nearly eight centuries of the city's history, layer upon layer was added to the Palazzo Madama, a simultaneous tribute to change and tradition.
A short walk from Piazza Castello, in another city square, two futuristic structures and a skating rink were recently built around a 130-year-old statue. Exhibits inside the structures educate local residents about the reformation of their graying Olympic city, while the rink, packed from lunchtime to midevening, enables the postindustrial populace to learn how to skate.
On the outskirts of the city, a jagged facade of a soccer stadium commissioned by Benito Mussolini in 1932 is being restored under watchful eyes.
The new plate glass windows, by city mandate, had to match the original design, but the rooftop superstructure enveloping the old crumbling stone walls contains 44 skyboxes. On Feb. 10, 2006, Stadio Olimpic, site of the opening ceremony, will be the first showpiece of the 20th Winter Olympiad.
The Winter Games, smaller and less urbane than its summer sister, will arrive in this out-of-the-way city in western Italy and its surrounding mountains in a little more than a year. After the agita of the Athens Olympics, and the judging and bribery scandals of the 2002 Winter Games in Salt Lake City, the Olympics will turn to Turin for an odd mix of Old World solace and dynamism.
The Olympic movement needs something old -- a simple, scandal-free Olympic Games -- and it needs something new -- an Olympic Games with sold-out arenas and a modern buzz.
Turin, steeped in the layers of its 2,000-year history and attempting to transform itself once again, aims to be the place. It is the essence of Turin's Olympic mission.
''We have something to offer the identity and image of the Olympics, and that is an Olympic Games imbedded in the Italian culture,'' Valentino Castellani, president of the Turin Organizing Committee, said. ''Past Olympics may have been too focused on the athletic competition and not enough on a cultural Olympics. We want these Games to concentrate on participation and passion.
''We gather in our piazzas, our town squares, for events and we've tried to replicate the feel of an Italian piazza in our competition venues. Our medal ceremony will be in a piazza. The lesson of the Athens Games is that there was no place for people to socialize. Most of the local people were on vacation. At our Olympics, we want the holiday going on in the city.''
In Turin, they have taken to calling these the Piazza Olympics, a tribute to speed skating, ski jumping, snowboarding and a certain elegant Italian silk style. If all goes as planned, these Olympics are supposed to make winter sports fans pause in the village and city squares to appreciate the mountains and the marble as much as the Olympic medals.
''To host fans from around the world, you have to make them feel welcome,'' said Silvia Tracchi, manager of the Olympic Stadium, which is adjacent to the new 12,000-seat ice hockey arena.
The area surrounding these arenas is designed to be parkland, laid out like a Japanese garden, which it will become in the spring. Inside the main stadium, there will be no fence, railing or barrier separating the first row of 30,000 seats and the infield, the setting of the opening and closing ceremonies.
''Everyone should feel part of the celebration,'' Tracchi said.
That the construction of the main stadium, and virtually every Olympic arena, appears on schedule may be more a cause for celebration, especially within the offices of the International Olympic Committee.
''The stadium will be done, as scheduled, by the end of September,'' Remo Mendolicchio, the head engineer of the project, said, standing in the rows of the refurbished grandstand. ''For sure. There is no doubt whatsoever. None.''
Massimo Pianotti, the manager of the nearby ice hockey arena, supervised the bustle of two and three shifts of workers laboring on the same day and gave a similarly firm prediction with the same construction timetable. Several arenas have already been the site of competitions. The European figure skating championships will be held in the new figure skating arena on Jan. 24. A World Cup slalom was held in the mountain village of Sestriere last month and a World Cup ski jumping event will be staged in the adjacent town of Pragelato in mid-February.
Some construction, like the speed skating oval and Olympic Village, will not be completed until the summer.
''But the construction does not have to be finalized right now, because the Olympics are not this year, they are next year,'' Gilbert Felli, the I.O.C.'s executive director of the Olympic Games, said. ''We don't foresee any problems with the construction; we are pleased with the progress. They are on schedule. Of course, as long as there is construction going on anywhere, we have to watch the pace.''
Like the systemic renovation efforts going on throughout Turin -- construction workers are busy in every sector -- the creation of the Olympic competition sites has frequently recast existing structures for new uses. It is part of the Turin Olympic plan to use the city's historical resources, both for the local flavor they will provide and to keep the scope of the Olympic infrastructure understated.
They did this so there would be fewer large, empty buildings in the post-Olympic period, and not coincidentally, fewer large buildings with swaths of empty seats during the Olympic Games 13 months from now.
For example, the Palavela, the arena that will be host of the figure skating and newly popular short-track speed skating competitions, has a capacity of fewer than 9,000, which should not be hard to fill for any of the prime attractions. The decision on the arena's size was made before the 2004 Games, but when television cameras caught the unoccupied seats at many events in Athens, Turin officials felt especially satisfied with their choice of a smaller, cozier facility for the marquee event of the Winter Games.
The Palavela is likely to be one of the landmarks of the Turin Games. Its outer shell, a giant cast-concrete structure weighing 35,000 tons and shaped like a three-point sail attached to the ground, was built in 1961 to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the unification of Italy. The new figure skating arena was built up beneath the immense sail.
The Olympic Village, the huge media and broadcast center, and the speed skating oval will take up part of the more than 21 million square feet of former industrial space being overhauled for Olympic use.
Most of that space comes from buildings that were once factories for Fiat, the auto company that in its heyday employed 130,000 people in the region and brought Turin a nickname: the Detroit of Italy. Fiat's presence in the city has waned in the last 20 years, and construction for the 2006 Games has helped bring new life to abandoned industrial wastelands.
But for all their efforts to use space economically in the city, the Turin Olympic organizers could not bridge one significant geographic gap that will certainly define the 2006 Games. They could not move the mountains closer to the city.
It is likely the Turin Olympics will be, in effect, two Olympics: city and mountain peaks. The Alpine and freestyle skiing, snowboarding, bobsled, luge, skeleton, ski jumping, biathlon and cross-country skiing will all be contested in six mountain locales.
Ordinarily, these sites are not much more than a 90-minute drive from Turin. But during the Olympics next year, some people estimate the trip from Turin to Sestriere, site of most of the Alpine events, could take double the normal time, or more. There are highways to the foothills, but the roads from there go through twisting mountain passes and are often perched on narrow cliffs. These passageways will likely struggle to handle the high volume of official Olympic bus traffic.
''The transportation issue is going to be a difficult one,'' Felli of the I.O.C. said.
The transportation problem begat another problem: accommodations in the mountains. Once the topography was understood, more of those expecting to participate in or cover the Olympics requested lodging in the mountains, outpacing Turin organizers' initial projections by several thousand hotel rooms.
But an additional 2,000 rooms have been located and tourism officials say they will find hundreds more this winter. In some parts of the mountain region, organizers are going street by street to encourage owners of vacation houses in the various mountain villas to rent their homes during the Olympics.
''They have worked very hard to fill all the requests,'' Felli said. ''There may be some need for temporary lodging, but we will know more later this month.''
The I.O.C. has been more focused on a familiar Olympic predicament: cost overruns. There has also been a particularly familiar Italian state of affairs, political squabbles.
In November, Turin officials faced a $242 million budget shortfall and police officers arrived in the organizing committee's office to inspect financial records. Mario Pescante, a government undersecretary and an I.O.C. member, was appointed to serve as a new supervisor for the 2006 Olympics.
Castellani, a former mayor of Turin, threatened to resign. Some Turin officials felt politicians from Rome were trying to take over the Games. After working out a power-sharing agreement with Pescante, Castellani remained in his post.
''We clarified that he is joining our team, not substituting it,'' Castellani said.
Then, in December, the Turin Olympic committee announced that a combination of aid from the Italian government and corporate sponsorships would add as much as $200 million to the budget for the Games.
''We had to push on some issues in the fall, but the direction has changed positively,'' Felli said. ''The income in Italy will be secure. We're pretty safe there. There is some work to do, but they have the money to keep working.''
There remains the question of whether all of Italy will support the Winter Olympics. As Castellani conceded, ''Sicily is far away and they are not much for snow.''
But this is Turin's Olympics, its chance to put a new face on the 20th version of the Winter Games. Every Olympics, like layers of history, remakes the image of the Olympic movement in some way.
The first foundation for the Palazzo Madama in the Piazza Castello, which will be home to 50 medal presentations next winter, was laid in 1276.
On a recent night, skateboarders mimicking the moves of Olympic snowboarders flipped their boards and leapt on the smooth marble in front of the palace. Spotlights trained on the castle cast the skateboarders' freestyling athletics in long shadows across the square, which was filled with a slow-moving, if animated, before-dinner crowd.
Five blocks away, people from men in their 70's to toddlers formed a collective gaggle wobbling to skate around the new ceremonial rink. Standing next to a large official logo of the 2006 Turin Olympics, a line had formed waiting to test the experience.
OLYMPICS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>HALBREICH - Harriet. Temple B'nai Sholom mourns the loss of our dear longtime member. Services at Gutterman's Tuesday, June 6, 2000 at noon. Shiva will be at 55 Lenox Rd., Apt 2N, Rockville Centre. May the bereaved family find solace and consolation amongst all mourners in Israel. Dr. Barry Dov Schwartz, Rabbi Jeffrey H. Greenfield, President<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>BOB JOHNSON, who led the Pittsburgh Penguins to their only National Hockey League championship last season in his first season coaching the team, had emergency surgery yesterday to remove a brain tumor that surgeons believe is malignant.
"This was a complete shock," said the Penguins' team physician, DR. CHARLES BURKE, as Johnson lay in critical condition at Mercy Hospital in Pittsburgh. "His condition was very serious last night, almost to the point of being life-threatening. That is why we operated."
Johnson, 60 years old, returned to Pittsburgh on Thursday after coaching 6 games in 11 days with Team USA in preparation for one of today's opening games of the Canada Cup tournament. He had complained of weakness in his arms and legs and was slurring his words. Doctors said Johnson's stroke-like symptoms were caused by the tumor pushing against the brain.
"We all noticed that he wasn't himself," said the Penguins' general manager, CRAIG PATRICK. "Even he was aware that he was having some difficulties physically."
A neurologist performed surgery to remove the "good-sized" tumor from above Johnson's right ear, relieving pressure on the brain. Biopsy results were not immediately available, but Burke said doctors were "90 percent sure" the growth was cancerous.  The prognosis was not good, Burke said.
Johnson was to have coached Team USA in a Canada Cup tournament game in Pittsburgh today. He was replaced by Yale Coach TIM TAYLOR, one of three assistants on the national team.
Johnson coached the Calgary Flames from 1982 to 1987, taking them to the cup finals in the 1985-86 season. He coached Team USA in 1981 and 1984 and the United States Olympic hockey team in 1976. He also coached the University of Wisconsin to three N.C.A.A. hockey championships. (AP)  SPORTS PEOPLE: HOCKEY<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: The duffel coat is moving up the fashion ladder. This upwardly mobile style started as a rugged coat for country wear and bad weather, made in sturdy fabrics like loden cloth. Leather toggles anchored it securely, a hood that buttoned under the chin kept out the wind, and the fabric was frequently water resistant so it would keep out the rain.
The duffel coat is moving up the fashion ladder. This upwardly mobile style started as a rugged coat for country wear and bad weather, made in sturdy fabrics like loden cloth. Leather toggles anchored it securely, a hood that buttoned under the chin kept out the wind, and the fabric was frequently water resistant so it would keep out the rain.
But like other significant articles of fashion, including the trench coat and the camp shirt, both now frequently made in silk, the duffel coat is gaining wider fashion acceptance.
It has turned up in many top designers' collections in luxury woolens like alpaca and llama and in double-faced fabrics. Instead of being restricted to beige, olive green and other somber tones associated with practical garments, the duffel coat is breaking out in brilliant reds, greens, purples and even fuchsia for fall. And silk versions are offered for evening.  In Mink and Beaver
Calvin Klein has gone a step further. As part of the fur collection he designed for Alixandre, he has offered several duffel coats in fur. They are in mink, with leather and bone toggles, and in beaver in a pale sage green. They all have hoods.
''It's part of a new casual styling in fur,'' said Mr. Klein, who also showed pea jackets and trench coats in beaver.
None of his styles have fussy, elaborate detailings. The furs he uses also include Russian broadtail, golden sable and fisher, but he said the mink and beaver duffel coats have the greatest potential for extending a fall wardrobe: ''They can be worn for anything during the day, from football games to work or lunch. And you can't rule them out for evening either, except maybe for a big charity ball.''
But then he thought about that and said: ''I'd like to see a woman wear one to a charity ball. It would look great with a simple, dramatic evening dress.''  LIFE STYLE<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>BRANDER-Thelma (Tilly). My mom, you are always in my thoughts. I miss you. Daughter, Roberta<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>DOWN WITH
BIG BROTHER
The Fall of the Soviet Empire.
By Michael Dobbs.
502 pp. New York:
Alfred A. Knopf. $30.
Five years after the collapse of the Soviet Union, historians are only beginning the serious work of explaining how such a ruthless empire could fall apart. There was no foreign invasion or armed uprising, just a kind of exhaustion that could no longer be relieved. In ''Down With Big Brother,'' Michael Dobbs, a former Moscow bureau chief of The Washington Post and a longtime correspondent in Eastern Europe, combines the astonished gaze of an eyewitness with the deeper knowledge of a historian, providing a vivid, insightful account of what happened.
Mr. Dobbs enjoyed unusual access. ''Through a security lapse,'' he tells us, ''I managed to gate-crash the V.I.P. enclosure'' at Marshal Tito's funeral in May 1980. For Mr. Dobbs, the ''anti-Bolshevik revolution'' began on that day. The Eastern bloc leaders he observed at close range impressed him only by their banal mediocrity: ''The President of Bulgaria was fussing over his fellow dignitaries, like some overeager waiter, desperate to please.'' Leonid Brezhnev resembled ''a medieval emperor receiving the homage of his vassals,'' although he could barely grasp events happening around him and kept pleading for Andrei Gromyko whenever he stepped out of sight. As Mr. Dobbs could see for himself, Brezhnev had suffered from severe arteriosclerosis of the brain since at least 1974, leaving him totally infirm and the country without effective leadership.
Later in 1980, Mr. Dobbs was in Gdansk to cover an ambitious strike by Polish workers. There he met Lech Walesa and over the next 16 months reported on the Solidarity movement's successful challenge to Communist officials, only to be crushed by Gen. Wojciech Jaruzelski's crackdown in December 1981. For the regime, that temporary victory could not prevent the eventual triumph of the workers' revolt.
A pattern emerges as Mr. Dobbs weaves reports from Eastern Europe into his account of Mikhail Gorbachev's reforms in the Soviet Union, beginning in 1985. Grass-roots activity undermined regimes in Poland, East Germany and Czechoslovakia. Never having gained legitimacy, Communist leaders lost their nerve and power. But in Moscow, the drama seemed to be taking place only at the top, around Mr. Gorbachev and the upper reaches of the Communist Party.
Mr. Gorbachev's ''revolution from above'' forms the heart of ''Down With Big Brother.'' He understood that the system no longer had the material or political resources to sustain itself, that the best strategy, in Mr. Dobbs's words, was to permit ''history to resume its natural course.'' He had a ringside seat as Mr. Gorbachev matched wits with his Politburo colleagues, opening the system to genuine political debate, appealing to the country over television and allowing freedom of the press to take hold.
Mr. Dobbs, however, never loses sight of Mr. Gorbachev's weaknesses, particularly his self-righteousness and his verbosity, as if any situation could be made right if only one did not stop talking. And in spite of all Mr. Gorbachev's achievements, Mr. Dobbs is right to insist on his failure to address the country's economic crisis. ''The Chinese reforms ignored the yearning for freedom,'' Mr. Dobbs reminds us. ''The Soviet reforms ignored the yearning for a better life.'' Finally, even Mr. Gorbachev, ''a master of Kremlin intrigue,'' did not foresee the coup attempt of 1991, nor could he prevent his onetime ally Boris Yeltsin from seizing power.
I have only one significant disagreement with Mr. Dobbs's account. He claims that Andrei Sakharov's return to Moscow from exile in Gorky in 1986 resulted from the Politburo decision to withdraw from Afghanistan. In fact, Sakharov was released as a direct result of the death of the political dissident Anatoly Marchenko after a long hunger strike in protest of prison conditions. Marchenko died on Dec. 8, 1986, on the eve of Human Rights Day. His death reminded the world that Mr. Gorbachev had inherited not only Brezhnev's failing economy but his prisoners as well. If he wanted to establish credibility as a reformer, he had to release political prisoners. His call to Sakharov came within 10 days of Marchenko's death. By February 1987, Mr. Gorbachev announced that all prisoners of conscience would be freed; that was the true start of his campaign for glasnost. Marchenko's sacrifice was not entirely in vain.
Joshua Rubenstein, the author of ''Tangled Loyalties: The Life and Times of Ilya Ehrenburg,'' is the Northeast regional director of Amnesty International USA.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>CHOCOLATE has strange properties. Studies have shown that it contains phenylethylamine, a chemical stimulant, which is released by the brain in a passionate love affair. Perhaps that explains why so many people eat chocolate on Valentine's Day (conversely, those who fall out of love have lower levels of phenylethylamine, which may explain why they often go on a chocolate binge). In any event, there are few better ways to end a Valentine's Day dinner than with a dessert made from chocolate.
I like chocolate desserts that are fairly straightforward, and not too sweet. A dark, moist chocolate cake, unadorned by creams or icings, is one of my favorites. I also love a hot chocolate souffle, something I like to order in French restaurants when they have it on the menu. Making a hot souffle at home, however, is not difficult if you have a reliable oven. It is important to use egg whites at room temperature, since they will expand more when they are beaten and help the souffle rise. They should be whisked until they form glossy peaks, not over-beaten or over-folded, or the souffle will be flat. Care should also be taken when melting chocolate. It turns into a solid lump if the heat is too high. Melt it in a slow oven or a double boiler.
The classic French version of chocolate mousse uses raw egg yolks, which can be risky. In the recipe below the egg yolks are heated just enough to kill any bacteria before the mousse is chilled. And since Valentine's Day comes but once a year, there's no reason not to serve whipped cream. Chocolate Mousse Total time: 30 minutes  1 cup heavy cream  12 ounces semisweet chocolate, broken into pieces  4 large eggs at room temperature, separated  4 tablespoons unsalted butter, chopped  1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract.
1. Heat the cream until small bubbles form around the edge.
2. Meanwhile, melt the chocolate in the upper container of a double boiler set over very hot water. Whisk in the egg yolks, one at a time, then whisk in the butter.
3. Gradually add the hot cream, whisking constantly. Turn up the heat so that the water in the bottom of the double boiler starts to simmer gently. Cook for four minutes, whisking constantly (the yolks are cooked at 160 degrees on a candy thermometer).
4. Remove the chocolate mixture from the heat and add the vanilla extract. Cool, stirring constantly for about five minutes.
5. Beat the egg whites until they stand up in glossy peaks. With a large rubber spatula, stir one-third of the egg whites into the chocolate mixture, then gradually fold in the rest.
6. Scrape the mousse into a large bowl or individual dishes. Cover with plastic wrap and chill until firm (about two hours for individual bowls and about five hours for a large mousse).
Yield: 6 to 8 servings.
Note: This is good with whipped cream. Hot Chocolate Souffle Total time: 1 hour  Butter for greasing  5 ounces semisweet chocolate, broken into pieces  1/3 cup sugar  1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract  5 eggs at room temperature, separated  1/4 cup confectioners' sugar  1 1/2 cups heavy cream, whipped (optional).
1. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees.
2. Butter a one-quart souffle dish or four eight-ounce souffle dishes.
3. Melt the chocolate in a double boiler and add the sugar and vanilla. Allow the mixture to cool.
4. Whisk the egg yolks until they are pale yellow. Gradually stir them into the warm (but not hot) chocolate. The recipe can be prepared ahead to this point.
5. Beat the egg whites until they stand up in glossy peaks. Stir one-third of the egg whites into the chocolate mixture, then gradually fold in the rest.
6. Bake souffle in center of oven for about 25 minutes for a large souffle, about 10 minutes for smaller ones. Remove from oven, dust with confectioners' sugar and serve. Pass whipped cream separately.
Yield: 4 servings. Extra Rich Chocolate Cake Total time: 1 hour  Butter for greasing  10 ounces semisweet chocolate, broken into pieces  2 tablespoons strong coffee  1/2 pound unsalted butter  1/2 cup granulated sugar  5 large eggs, separated  1/4 cup flour  2 teaspoons confectioners' sugar.
1. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Butter a nine-and-a-half-inch springform pan or nonstick cake pan.
2. Melt the chocolate with the coffee, butter and granulated sugar in the top of a double boiler over gently simmering water. Stir until blended. Set the mixture aside, uncovered, to cool.
3. When the mixture has cooled, whisk the egg yolks into the chocolate one at a time. Add the flour and whisk until smooth.
4. In a separate bowl, beat the egg whites until they stand up in stiff peaks. Add one-third of the egg white to the chocolate mixture. Fold them in carefully until blended. Fold in the remaining whites gently until there are no streaks left.
5. Pour the mixture into the prepared pan and bake for about 35 minutes, or until the cake is firm. A toothpick or skewer inserted into the cake about three inches from the center of the pan should come out clean (the cake should not be too dry). Cool on a rack before unmolding. Dust with confectioners' sugar before serving.
Yield: 10 to 12 servings.  FOOD<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3*First National Bancorp-Ga.
Qtr to Dec 31
1992
1991
Net inc
5,746,000
4,023,000
Per share
.40
.28
12mos net inc
22,289,000
20,395,000
Per share
1.54
1.41
The bank is listed on the Nasdaq National Market System.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Ending a three-week manhunt, investigators announced today that they had found the body of a fugitive pilot who stockpiled thousands of boxes of cremated human remains he had been hired to scatter from his plane. He is believed to have committed suicide, the police said.
The body of the 52-year-old man,  Allan Vieira, was found on Tuesday afternoon in a patch of brush just off a rural highway in Calaveras County about 120 miles east of San Francisco. The county coroner, Terry Parker, said it appeared that Mr. Vieira had been dead more than two weeks.
Debbie Parsons, a spokeswoman for the Calaveras County Sheriff's Department, said the police had found a handgun next to the body and, in an abandoned station wagon parked nearby, a note signed by Mr. Vieira.
''I'm sorry for the pain I've caused,'' the note said.
Mr. Vieira had been missing since June 5, when sheriff's deputies found more than 3,000 boxes of cremated remains in a storage locker he rented in Discovery Bay, a small town east of San Francisco. The next day, the authorities found an additional stash of remains in a nearby airplane hangar also rented by Mr. Vieira.
The police believe that Mr. Vieira, a former coroner, made tens of thousands of dollars in the last decade by taking money from families to spread the ashes over the Pacific but instead storing them near his home. He was being sought on charges of grand theft by fraud and various health and safety violations.
Ms. Parsons, the sheriff's spokeswoman, said the police had also found 11 boxes of cremated remains in the station wagon, owned by Mr. Vieira's girlfriend.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Saying they are getting little help from Gov. Jim Florio, who started it all, Democratic legislators are fighting a rear-guard grass-roots battle against a growing tax rebellion, and there are signs that some lawmakers are ready to concede ground in the face of a protest that will not go away.
Saying they are getting little help from Gov. Jim Florio, who started it all, Democratic legislators are fighting a rear-guard grass-roots battle against a growing tax rebellion, and there are signs that some lawmakers are ready to concede ground in the face of a protest that will not go away.
The Governor and most Democrats predict it will do just that - fade away once voters understand exactly who is hurt and who is not by the biggest state tax increase in New Jersey's - and some say the nation's - history.
They say that the $2.8 billion tax package passed this year is not really an increase at all - that most of the money will be funneled back to municipalities in the form of property tax rebates and other relief.
The Governor and his fellow Democrats control both houses of the Legislature, and time is on their side. The 80 members of the State Assembly and the 40 members of the Senate do not have to face the voters for another year and three months, in November 1991.
The Governor, the focus of the tax protest - which is rapidly turning into a general protest against unresponsive government - does not face the voters for another three years and three months, in November 1993.
'Against the Tax Package'
In a state that does not allow for recall of state officials or binding referendum on legislation - both of which protesters are trying to change -voters can do nothing except complain. They are doing plenty of that. ''I'm getting hundreds, literally hundreds, of phone calls and letters,'' said State Senator Gabriel M. Ambrosio, Democrat of Lyndhurst, whose desk is stacked with pink phone message slips and letters from constituents. ''Ninety-nine percent of them,'' he concedes, ''are adamantly against the tax package.''
Mr. Ambrosio is calling them all, hoping to defuse the tax protest. Some Democratic officeholders are beginning to fear that the protest is fast becoming a general cry to ''throw the rascals out,'' one that could carry into the next legislative election.
There is also a feeling among many Democrats, including Mr. Ambrosio, who supports the Governor unreservedly, that they are carrying the battle with too little help from the top.
''Governor Florio could do more, he certainly could, and he's going to have to if people are going to understand this tax package,'' Mr. Ambrosio said.
Move to Cut Back
With most of the heat being taken by individual members of the Legislature, there are signs that the united front is beginning to crack, if only slightly.
Assemblyman Anthony J. Cimino, Democrat of Hamilton Township, announced Thursday that he would intoduce a bill to repeal the sales tax on disposable paper products. Assembly Speaker Joseph V. Doria Jr. said he would support the bill, as well as a repeal of the tax on heavy trucks if next quarter's tax revenues indicated that the state could afford such a repeal.
Although there is general outrage about taxes, the sales-tax increase to 7 cents from 6, and the addition of a number of items not previously taxed, like household detergent and paper products, has become the focus of anger. Demonstrators draped toilet tissue around the State House grounds early this month, and Speaker Doria acknowledged that he is getting envelopes stuffed with it in the mail.
Though encouraged by Mr. Cimino's push to repeal the disposable-paper tax, protesters call the move a smoke screen to stifle the outcry.
Social as Well as Fiscal
Republicans hope to take advantage of the unrest. They say they will not only make a tax fight the cornerstone of the 1991 campaign but also take up the battle for recalling officeholders and allowing binding referendums.
Mr. Florio's $2.8 billion tax package is intended as a social as well as a fiscal program. The Governor's staff says the income-tax increases affect fewer than 20 percent of taxpayers, with taxes doubling at the highest end of the income scale, from 3.5 percent 7 percent for couples with a joint taxable income of more than $70,000. But the sales tax affects everyone.
And while the court-ordered reorganization of school financing is said to hurt only the wealthiest districts and benefit the poorest, the effects have yet to be felt. Property taxpayers at the moment are seeing nothing but increases -whether the money goes for schools or for police and fire protection, sanitation or fixing potholes.
Million Signatures in '75
There have been tax revolts in New Jersey in the past, and they have gone nowhere, sputtering out before Election Day.
In 1975, for example, an organization called United Taxpayers of New Jersey gathered a million signatures to protest the imposition of an income tax by Gov. Brendan T. Byrne and the Legislature.
''We were shocked to realize those signatures meant nothing,'' said Samuel Perelli, chairman of United Taxpayers. ''The public be damned with their one million signatures.''
The tax remained, and Mr. Byrne was re-elected.
United Taxpayers has joined the current protest with a group called Hands Across New Jersey and is backing the effort to establish the rights of recall and referendums.
They can be established only by a constitutional amendment. And a constitutional amendment must be approved by the Legislature.
That is fast becoming a major political issue in the state. Republicans in their platform have included a call for ballot initiatives to create or repeal laws for a decade. That practice is followed in 23 other states, including California, where voters recently approved a tax increase.
A provision to allow legislation through ballot initative and referendum was approved in 1986 by the Assembly, when it was controlled by the Republicans, but was defeated in the Senate, controlled by Democrats. Both houses are currently controlled by the Democrats.
''It will be the cornerstone of our efforts'' in 1991, said the state Republican chairman, Assemblyman Robert D. Franks of New Providence.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Will Crutchfield, an opera conductor, teacher and critic, is to give an interdisciplinary lecture on "Impressionism: Art and Music," at the Metropolitan Museum of Art next Thursday at 6 P.M. The talk is scheduled in conjunction with the museum's current exhibition "Origins of Impressionism." Mr. Crutchfield will also accompany Deborah Massell, a soprano, in French songs of the late 19th century. Tickets are $15. Information: (212) 570-3949.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>When John G. Duffy, the chief executive of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, received a phone call last month inviting him to work on the biggest deal of his career, it was payback for a relationship forged in the Texas Panhandle a dozen years ago.
The call came from Gregory L. Curl, head of strategic planning at Bank of America, which, to the surprise of Wall Street last week, ended up hiring Keefe, Bruyette, a boutique investment bank, as an adviser on its $35 billion acquisition of MBNA.
For Keefe, Bruyette, which lost nearly a third of its employees -- including Mr. Duffy's 23-year-old son, Christopher -- in the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, the return to the deal-making spotlight is particularly gratifying.
''It's a nice Horatio Alger story,'' said John A. Kanas, chief executive of North Fork Bancorporation, a longtime client. ''These guys have not only survived; they've flourished.''
Keefe, Bruyette has done so through its research, perhaps its best-known activity, and through its ability to maintain relationships even as the banking industry has gone through wave upon wave of mergers and changes.
For instance, Mr. Curl and Mr. Duffy first met in 1993, when Mr. Duffy was advising First Amarillo Bancorp, a Texas bank that was being acquired by Boatmen's Bancshares for $188 million. Mr. Curl was then a senior executive at Boatmen's, which was itself swallowed up by a predecessor to Bank of America three years later.
''Our relationships are not only with institutions, but with people,'' Mr. Duffy, 56, said. ''There is a long context here.''
Indeed, Keefe, Bruyette's 43-year history in the banking industry occasionally wins it a role in deals coveted by larger firms. It has long ties with companies that were once small and little known but are now among the largest in the industry.
''We don't give up as they get bigger,'' Mr. Duffy said.
Those ties also figured in Keefe, Bruyette's selection last year as an adviser to GreenPoint Financial on its $6.3 billion takeover by North Fork.
Mr. Duffy had known Thomas S. Johnson, chief executive of GreenPoint, since 1976, dating back to when Mr. Johnson was a senior executive at Chemical Bank. Mr. Duffy has known Mr. Kanas of North Fork since the early 1990's.
''They spend the time cultivating relationships,'' said Mr. Kanas, who credited Keefe, Bruyette with helping his bank recover from losses it suffered on real estate loans in the early 1990's. Mr. Duffy led an offering that raised $10 million for North Fork -- then a huge sum for the bank -- at a time when its stock had fallen and its reputation was tarnished.
Keefe, Bruyette and the handful of other small firms specializing in the banking industry have also benefited from the consolidation between investment banks and commercial banks, Mr. Kanas said. When North Fork does a deal, he said, it is reluctant to use Citigroup or J.P. Morgan Chase, which he views as competitors. In its merger with GreenPoint, for example, North Fork was advised by Sandler O'Neill & Partners, another boutique bank.
These conflicts were why Keefe, Bruyette was hired on the Bank of America deal, said people who took part. Across the table, representing MBNA, was another longtime Keefe ally: Edward D. Herlihy, a partner with the law firm of Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen, & Katz. Mr. Herlihy arranged for Keefe to take over a full floor at the law firm's Midtown Manhattan office in the immediate aftermath of Sept. 11.
Mr. Duffy acknowledged that his firm had some business thrown its way in the immediate aftermath of the attacks. But these days, he said, the firm's work stands on its own.
''Some people did us favors for maybe the first six months,'' he said. ''But after that, we've been competing tooth and nail with everyone else.'' When he meets with clients, the events of Sept. 11 ''come up in conversation, but more as an afterthought,'' he said.
Keefe, Bruyette has quickly replaced the executives it lost on Sept. 11. The firm now employs 435, nearly twice what it had four years ago. Its research encompasses 329 financial companies in the United States, compared with 270 before the attacks. The firm also tracks 107 European companies through a research effort that it began last July out of London. The firm has more than $275 million in capital, Mr. Duffy said, up 75 percent since the attacks.
''They are good because they are everywhere,'' said Thomas Finucane, a co-manager of the John Hancock Financial Industries fund, noting that the firm still tracks small to midsize companies that ''have fallen by the wayside'' at the larger investment banks.
A more distant memory is an insider trading scandal in 1999 involving Keefe, Bruyette's chief executive at the time, James J. McDermott Jr., just as Keefe was contemplating a public offering. Mr. McDermott, who spent five months in jail after being convicted of giving tips about potential bank mergers to an actress in X-rated movies, reached a settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission last month in which he did not admit guilt but agreed to a lifetime ban from the securities industry.
Keefe, Bruyette says it has no interest in reviving its plans to go public. Nor is it looking for an acquirer, Mr. Duffy said. The firm had been talking with BNP Paribas of France just before Sept. 11. Those negotiations were scuttled soon after, and Mr. Duffy has not been hunting for other partners.
''We can compete perfectly well, as this deal shows,'' Mr. Duffy said. ''And besides doing the work, we've proven we can keep our mouth shut.''
STREET SCENE<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Contrary to "No Earthquake in Britain" (editorial, April 11), the "poll tax" instituted by Margaret Thatcher was not a "local property tax." It was a head tax -- hence the name it was given by its victims.
Assessed and collected by local governments, it taxed each adult resident of a local area at a standard flat rate. In a given village, for example, each of six adults living in a cottage would pay the same amount as each of two adults living in the manor house. It made no difference whether you owned or rented the property, or whether the property in question was a palace or a shack. It was emphatically not, therefore, a property tax.
It was an appallingly regressive tax on the person reinvented by the Tory Government. That is why it was unpopular. TIMOTHY J. REISS New York, April 18, 1992<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Carroll A. Hochwalt, a chemist and former vice president of the Monsanto Chemical Company, died of a heart attack at his home in St. Louis on Saturday. He was 88 years old.
Carroll A. Hochwalt, a chemist and former vice president of the Monsanto Chemical Company, died of a heart attack at his home in St. Louis on Saturday. He was 88 years old.
From the early 1920's, when he was a chemical engineer at General Motors, until his retirement from Monsanto in 1964, Mr. Hochwalt developed 92 patents. At G.M., he developed tetraethyl lead, which increases octane in motor fuel. In 1926, he co-founded Thomas & Hochwalt Laboratories in Dayton, Ohio, a chemical company that was acquired by Monsanto in 1936.
At Monsanto, which is based in St. Louis, Mr. Hochwalt was director of central research and coordinator of research, patents and developments.
In World War II, Mr. Hochwalt worked on the Manhattan District Project, which developed the atomic bomb. Later he led a study commissioned by the Atomic Energy Commission examining chemical problems in the field of atomic energy.
He leaves his wife, Pauline; two sons, Carroll and Richard; a daughter, Mrs. Robert E. Morie; nine grandchildren and nine great-grandchildren.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>McCORMICK & CO. INC., Sparks, Md., which makes spices, extracts and convenience foods, said H. Eugene Blattman, its president and chief executive, would retire on Jan. 1 for health reasons. Charles P. McCormick Jr., its chairman, will add the title of chief executive, while Robert Lawless, executive vice president and chief operating officer, will become president and chief operating officer.
ONCORX INC., New Haven, named Thomas E. Klein vice president for finance and chief financial officer.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Nokia, the world's biggest maker of mobile phones, reported earnings today that exceeded its own projections and those of analysts.
The company also stuck to its forecast of 15 percent sales growth for its phone and network units this year, and its shares surged.
By just about every measure, Nokia's results, announced from its headquarters near Helsinki, Finland, fell short of its performance a year earlier -- a reflection of the difficult market in telecommunications. New technology has been delayed, and the number of mobile phones is nearing the saturation point in some countries, particularly in Western Europe.
But investors are hungry for any glimmer of hope of a recovery, and the rise in Nokia's stock bolstered markets across Europe. Still, some analysts remained skeptical of future prospects.
''We know that we had a very dull, stable phone market in 2001,'' said Angela Dean, an analyst with Morgan Stanley. ''We haven't seen any signs yet'' of radical changes in 2002, when the introduction of faster wireless Internet access is expected to increase sales of mobile phones. But that technology itself could be delayed, she said, so there are still many imponderables. ''The visibility is low,'' she said.
Indeed, Nokia itself said today that first-quarter earnings this year would be down. But the company maintained its forecast of 15 percent sales growth this year in its dominant handset business, which accounts for 70 percent of earnings, and in its network division, even though some analysts called those targets too bullish.
Nokia also repeated its forecast that as many as 440 million people around the world will buy or replace cellphones this year -- also an increase of about 15 percent. Last year, Nokia lowered its estimates of global cellphone sales five times, to 380 million from 500 million.
Shares of Nokia rose more than 10 percent, to 27.10 euros, in trading in Helsinki. On the New York Stock Exchange, its American depository receipts -- each representing one share of the company -- closed up 5 percent, at $23.30.
Nokia said that earnings in the fourth quarter -- an important period when year-end holiday sales normally bolster income -- declined 63 percent, to 450 million euros ($396 million) from 1.20 billion euros a year earlier. Excluding write-offs in its network-building, broadband and online communications businesses, Nokia's earnings fell 5 percent, to 1.15 billion euros, or $1 billion.
Jorma Ollila, Nokia's chairman and chief executive, said he was ''more than happy with Nokia's fourth-quarter performance.''
In 2001, the company increased its share of the handset phone market to 37 percent from 32 percent in 2000. That was almost twice its market share in 1999, and the gain is expected to help cement the company's dominance over rivals like Ericsson of Sweden, Motorola of the United States and Siemens of Germany.
''Our strategic position is better than ever, backed by a very strong brand, product range and operational ability,'' Mr. Ollila said.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Travelocity, an online travel agent, said yesterday that it had added a $10 service charge to reservations made for United Airlines. The move came in response to United's decision last week to stop paying commissions to travel agents in the United States and Canada. A spokeswoman for Travelocity said the company deserved to be paid for booking reservations and for marketing United flights to its 32 million members. Representatives from the companies said they were discussing the fee. Travelocity took similar action against Northwest Airlines but dropped the $10 fee last month when the companies reached a settlement.
Chris Gaither (NYT)<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>CALVERT-Seymour, Ph.D Chemical Engineering. Pioneer in air pollution control and education. Died February 25, 2002 in San Diego, CA. Born January 9, 1924 in Detroit, MI. Internationally recognized as the foremost expert on air pollution control scrubbers. He has lectured throughout the world. His research led to the publication of books, numerous technical papers and patents. He served in the U.S. Army from 1943-46, in the Spec. Eng. Detach. at Los Alamos, NM, working on the atomic bomb initiator, which ultimately led to his demise from Berylliosis (respiratory failure). He set up & directed an Air Pollution Interdisciplinary Research Center at Penn State which became the largest air pollution program in the US. In 1967 Dr. Calvert joined the University of California Riverside as Dean of Engineering and Director of the Air Pollution Research Center. Dr. Calvert's ability and years of service were recognized by his invitation to attend the signing of the first Clean Air Act in 1967 at the White House by President Lyndon Johnson. In 1969 Dr. Calvert set up his own engineering company, A.P.T. Inc. in San Diego, CA. A.P.T. became the major contractor for EPA-sponsored Scrubber Research and Development. Dr. Calvert is survived by his wife of 54 years, Phyllis; his daughters Barbara Kuwent and Susan Sherman; and two grandchildren, Michael and Stephen Sherman.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
"Faced with complaints of veiled racism, the National Institutes of Health," you report (front page, Sept. 5), "withdrew financing of an academic conference on the search for a genetic basis for criminal behavior, forcing its indefinite postponement." However, you overlook the main thrust and context of the criticism of the "Genetic Factors in Crime" conference, which was scheduled for October at the University of Maryland. The conference was the tip of a much larger and more dangerous iceberg, the Federal "violence initiative," which remains largely untouched.
The violence initiative was announced by Frederick Goodwin, psychiatrist director of the National Institute of Mental Health, addressing the National Mental Health Advisory Council last Feb. 11. Dr. Goodwin's remarks drew public criticism, as you reported March 8. Dr. Goodwin had compared the "high-impact inner city" to a jungle and its youth to rhesus monkeys who only want to kill one another, have sex and reproduce.
A transcript of Dr. Goodwin's remarks, subsequently obtained by my organization, disclosed something yet more ominous -- his announcement and description of a giant new Federal program to identify potentially violent inner-city children based on biological and genetic "markers." Specifically rejecting psychosocial explanations for inner-city crime, the violence initiative focuses on allegedly biologically "vulnerable" children and youth for psychiatric diagnosis and preventive treatment.
Dr. Goodwin estimates that 100,000 children, as young as 5, will be identified for psychiatric interventions. He called the violence initiative the No. 1 funding priority for the Federal mental health establishment in 1994.
My organization has since obtained documentation that millions of dollars of Federal funds are being spent on violence initiative research and planning, including studies of both rhesus monkeys and inner-city children. Newly developed psychiatric drugs are being tested for violence prevention in monkey studies, and some psychiatrists are claiming they can be used in humans for the same purpose. It seems inevitable that the violence initiative will involve administering the same drugs to inner-city children. The widespread use of Ritalin to control aggressive children, frequently supported or initiated by public schools, has set a precedent for pharmacological intervention.
As I describe in "Beyond Conflict" (New York, 1992), the violence initiative scapegoats black children and excuses society from facing racism, poverty, unemployment and other problems that cause crime and violence in the inner city. Working closely with members of the black community in New York City, Baltimore and Washington, my center developed a coalition against the violence initiative, focusing first on stopping the conference on genetic factors in crime. The success of the coalition in preventing that conference from taking place must not distract from the larger need to stop the violence initiative. PETER R. BREGGIN, M.D. Director, Center for the Study of Psychiatry Bethesda, Md., Sept. 6, 1992<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The Jets hired an assistant coach and a director for player development and retained another assistant yesterday.
Phil Pettey, an offensive assistant and quality-control coach for the New Orleans Saints last season, will coach the Jets' tight ends. Mike Henning, the son of Dan Henning, the Jets' former offensive coordinator, will stay on as the quality-control coach for the offense. The Jets hired Kevin Winston to be the director for player development.
Jets Coach Herman Edwards has already hired his coordinators -- Ted Cottrell to run the defense, Paul Hackett to run the offense -- and the special-teams coach, Mike Westhoff. But he has yet to hire most of the rest of the offensive and defensive position coaches. Bill Muir, the offensive line coach, is staying with the team.
Pettey worked with Hackett at Southern California in 1999 and at Pittsburgh in 1991, in each instance when Hackett was the head coach. Winston, who will oversee off-field development programs for players, held a similar position at Tampa Bay for the last four years, when Edwards was an assistant coach there.
PRO FOOTBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Two founders of an American computer company have filed a lawsuit against the Japanese farm equipment maker that financed them, charging the Japanese company with trying to take control of the computer maker's technology.
Two founders of an American computer company have filed a lawsuit against the Japanese farm equipment maker that financed them, charging the Japanese company with trying to take control of the computer maker's technology.
The suit was filed today in California State Court in Santa Clara County by Allen H. Michels and Matthew H. Sanders, co-chairmen of Stardent Computer Inc., based in Newton, Mass., against the Japanese concern, Kubota Ltd.
The case is noteworthy because Kubota, which is trying to diversify out of farm equipment into high technology, has invested in several technology companies in the United States. It is likely to raise anew long-held fears that the recent tendency of American technology companies to seek Japanese financing could lead to a loss of technology.
Kubota provided millions of dollars to finance Ardent, which makes high-powered work stations and was founded by Mr. Michels and Mr. Sanders in 1985. The company merged with a competitor, Stellar Computer, last year to form Stardent, of which Kubota owns 22 percent.
An official in Kubota's office in Santa Clara said he was not aware of the suit and said the man who was authorized to comment could not be reached.
John William Poduska, Stardent's chief executive, said in an interview tonight that he had not seen the lawsuit. But he added: ''Kubota has not attempted in any way to steal technology or do anything adverse to Stardent. On the contrary, they have done everything possible to support the company.''
The suit, which seeks $25 million in damages, contends that Kubota used its financial leverage over Ardent to force it to merge with Stellar. Then, as Stardent ran into difficulties, Kubota arranged to transfer people and technology into a Kubota unit, which the suit said aims to compete with Stardent.
Mr. Sanders, in an interview tonight, said Kubota was trying to arrange new agreements that would allow it to distribute Stardent's technology around the world, not just in the Far East as the original agreement had stated.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Ralph Nader, the consumer advocate, announced today that he would make a second run for the presidency as a Green Party candidate and vowed, as he did in 1996, to take on big business and its influence on government.
''I can no longer stomach the systemic political decay that has weakened our democracy,'' said Mr. Nader, who will compete for the Green Party nomination against three others. ''It is necessary to launch a sustained effort to wrest control of our democracy from the corporate government and restore it to the political government under the control of citizens.''
Mr. Nader, 65, whose quest for the White House in 1996 earned him less than 1 percent of the vote, said at a news conference that he would raise enough money to pay his campaign workers but would not spend a nickel on polling, consulting firms or television advertisements. In 1996, he spent less than $5,000 of his own money.
First known for his crusade against the automobile industry in the 1960's, Mr. Nader founded several consumer advocacy groups over the years, including Public Citizen, which focus on corporate and government wrongdoing. The Green Party, an offspring of the antinuclear and environmental movements, shares similar goals, among them its pursuit of ''ecological wisdom'' and ''grass-roots democracy.''
Portraying himself as the only candidate willing to shake up the system, Mr. Nader said he was concerned about the growing disparity between rich and poor.
''Despite record economic growth, corporate profits and stock market highs year after year, a stunning array of deplorable conditions still prevails,'' Mr. Nader said in a statement posted on his Web site.
He acknowledged he would face an uphill battle as the Green Party nominee. Democratic and Republican candidates have huge campaign war chests and months of campaigning already behind them. Nevertheless, Mr. Nader said, he would be content to infuse ''a powerful message'' into this year's presidential election.  THE 2000 CAMPAIGN: THE GREEN PARTY<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
''Climate Expert Says NASA Tried to Silence Him'' (front page, Jan. 29) made a compelling case in support of another example of the Bush administration's effort to hide scientific findings that are contrary to its agenda.
Public officials are supposed to do what is best for the public, but the president places more value on his agenda than on the public.
The quote from George Deutsch, a NASA public affairs official, in which he says it is his job ''to make the president look good,'' clearly shows that the role of government appointees is not to work for the public good but for the good of the president.
Yes, this view of public service for the public good is a tad naive, but the stakes are high. Misleading the public when it comes to science can have dire consequences.
And when it comes to climate change, the president is putting the health of his administration ahead of the health of only the planet.
John A. Cigliano  Allentown, Pa., Jan. 29, 2006
The writer is a conservation biologist.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The Market Place column in Business Day yesterday, about the Nasdaq composite index, in which five companies account for one-third of the value, misidentified the fifth-largest company. It is Dell Computer, not Qualcomm.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: The president of the Woodrow Wilson National Fellowship Foundation, Richard W. Couper, has announced his resignation, effective June 1990.
The president of the Woodrow Wilson National Fellowship Foundation, Richard W. Couper, has announced his resignation, effective June 1990.
The foundation, based in Princeton, N.J., offers about 200 fellowships a year in a variety of fields, but particularly to promote excellence in teaching, the humanities, ethics and religious values, rural policy and women's studies.
Mr. Couper, 66 years old, has been president for eight years. During his tenure the programs at the foundation have increased to 15 from 4.
A former president of the New York Public Library and an official of Hamilton College in Clinton, N.Y., Mr. Couper said he planned to retire to Clinton and volunteer his services as a book conservator in the college library.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Too often missing in the rhetoric of "differences" -- racial, sexual or otherwise -- that has become widespread in certain corners of the art world is any real discussion of the art involved. Now an ambitious show of work by black and Hispanic artists using photographic processes, first shown at the Studio Museum in Harlem two years ago, has returned to the area and is on view at the Port Washington Public Library. Local viewers thus have a second chance to see this informative and stimulating essay into important critical territory. Organized by Deborah Willis of the Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture, "Constructed Images: New Photography" undertakes the salutary task of examining the effects that racial or cultural difference might have on the works artists produce.
Not surprisingly, what's most notable about the works being shown is simply how diverse they are, and how broad a range of issues they address. The work reflects a variety of distinctive visions, from Tyrone Georgiou's conceptually based constructions that attempt to differentiate pictorialist, modernist and post-modernist ways of handling the medium, to Todd Gray's photocollages of silhouetted bodies juxtaposed with other figures drawn in charcoal and conte crayon. As the show's title suggests, most of the work stretches photography beyond its traditional task of recording events in the world, but even that isn't always the case, as Jeffrey Scale's black-and-white documentary study of a Harlem barbershop demonstrates.
If a single thread can be traced through much of the work here, it is of the artists' attempts to reclaim or reconstruct a past, whether cultural, familial or personal. Albert Chong's large black-and-white photographs present setups that incorporate ritualistic objects: bird's eggs, a chicken foot, feathers. Mr. Chong strengthens the suggestion of voodoo and Santeria, the African-based religion widely practiced by blacks in the Caribbean, by giving his works titles like "For Baron Samedi," an allusion to the celebrated voodoo figure. But among these exotic references, he also includes such personal mementos as an old studio portrait of three neatly dressed black sisters.
The artist Geno Rodriguez, too, refers to the conjunction of Western and African religions in a Cibachrome print in which a dead cock is draped over a crucifix, in a work that recalls Andres Serrano's calculated manipulations of potent religious and social symbols. Elisabeth Sunday photographs tribal people of Kenya and Zaire reflected in a distorting mirror, a tactic that suggests how difficult it is to see people in other cultures clearly.
Such attempts to relate the artist's own experience to a distinctive black or Hispanic heritage are central to many of the works here. Other artists operate within a broader cultural context. Corinne Simpson addresses contemporary black street customs in several large portraits from her "B-Boys" series, in which young black men, replete with regalia of oversize watches, gold chains and sunglasses, swagger and pose like warriors. Christian Walker, in his "Bargaining With the Dead" series, overlays family snapshots with shadowy images taken from Renaissance paintings of the Holy Family, linking his personal history with that of the archetypal family of Western culture.
What makes much of the work here particularly effective and refreshing is the way the artists attempt to establish a social context for real-life experiences. This is not sloganeering art, but a series of thoughtful explorations of questions of identity. Clarissa Sligh, for example, shows a construction centered around a window frame whose altarlike character is emphasized by the half-melted votive candles that appear as part of it. Inside the panels of the window frame, a series of blueprint images presents snapshots annotated with stories suggesting the terrible truths that are often hidden behind the happy poses of such pictures: "Then one day her big brother Carl said, 'Take off your pants and lay on top of me.' " In Lorna Simpson's "Good Twin/Evil Twin II" (1989), the same faceless woman is shown in two identical prints -- one labeled good, the other evil. Each is accompanied by a series of adjectives appropriate to it: on the one hand, "unencumbered, undismayed, undisturbed," and so on; on the other, "ill-bred, illegal, ill-favored" and the like.
Attempts to reclaim the past imaginatively are familiar in contemporary photography and art, from Larry Sultan's installations of enlarged stills from home movies (one example of which is now on view at the Metropolitan Museum of Art) to Louise Bourgeois's Surrealist-derived sculptures recalling childhood sexual traumas. What distinguishes the works of this sort here is the link they establish between the societal and the personal. The task of making this connection takes on a particular urgency for many artists from excluded or marginalized groups -- whether minorities or women. Autobiographical work of this sort acknowledges the need to situate oneself in history, as a necessary grounding for one's own sense of identity.
Nevertheless, these artists face the central challenge of all autobiography, that of transcending the personal and even the cultural to embody the universal. The artists here who succeed at that difficult task do so through their close attention to specific and surprising details, and by representing their experiences with honesty and imagination. Artists, like everyone else, must find ways to connect to their heritage in order to establish their own position within the generational sweep of time. But self-discovery is not enough: in the end it's the art, not the artist, that counts.
"Constructed Images: New Photography" remains at the Port Washington Public Library, 1 Library Drive,
through Aug. 27.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>OECHLER-Convere M., 87. Of New York, on May 13, 1999. Beloved wife of the late Henry J. Oechler, devoted mother of Hugh McAden and Henry, Jr., devoted mother-in-law to Joanne and Kathleen and devoted grandmother of James, Sarah, Joshua, Sean and Jack. Services will be on Monday, May 24 at 11 AM in St. James Episcopal Church, NYC. In lieu of flowers, the family requests contributions to The Rector's Discretionary Fund of the St. James Episcopal Church, 865 Madison Avenue, NYC.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>WHITMAN PLEDGES TO COMPLETE TAX CUT
Saying that she had kept her promise, Gov. Christine Todd Whitman of New Jersey announced that she would complete her 30 percent reduction in state income tax rates by next January, a year ahead of schedule. The reduction would be paid for by enacting a catalogue of across-the-board cuts in state government that will reduce the state work force by 3,350 employees, nearly 5 percent. A1.
The Governor warned that there would be winners and losers in her budget, and they lined up almost as soon as she ended her speech. B5.
NEW YORK CITY  REPORT FINDS POLICE SHOT MAN IN THE BACK
A man who was killed by the police in Brooklyn on Sunday morning was shot in the back, not the chest, as the Police Department originally reported, the Medical Examiner's office announced. The police said that the man, Anibal Carrasquillo, 21, was shot during a chase after two plainclothes officers from the 70th Precinct saw him peering into the windows of parked automobiles. B3. CITY PRESENTS PLAN TO KEEP YANKEES
Yankee officials have rejected New York City's initial plans for upgrading Yankee Stadium and the surrounding neighborhood, and city officials presented team representatives with yet another proposal designed to keep the Yankees from leaving the Bronx. The proposal includes a new outer wall for the stadium and the addition of luxury boxes. B3. ADVOCATES SAY AIDS AGENCY IS CRIPPLED
Leaders of community groups that work with AIDS patients clashed with officials of the Giuliani administration, contending that cuts in the budget and the work force had severely crippled the effectiveness of the city's Division of AIDS Services. B3. REGION  THE GOVERNOR FACES A FIGHT
Setting up a surprising confrontation with Governor Pataki, the leaders of the New York Senate and Assembly agreed to pass legislation that would increase the pensions of state and city workers and saddle Mayor Giuliani with a heavy bill. B4. TAKING UMBRAGE AT A SMILING FACE
Every day, Bernie's big face smiles at thousands of people who want to punch it right out. Commuters on Route 84 West, shoppers at the Buckland Hills Mall and motorists on busy Hale Road all complain that Bernie's face is defacing the landscape in Manchester, Conn. "Ugh," said Carla McDonough, glancing at the face with a shudder as she walked through the mall parking lot. "Who would want that big giant face staring at them?" Our Towns, B4. RAIL SHOOTING SUSPECT DENOUNCES JURY
Colin Ferguson helped complete selection of a jury in his murder trial in Nassau County Court, then described the jurors as unfair and called for the trial to be moved. "He would prefer to go to trial in Brooklyn, Queens or the Bronx," said Alton G. Rose, one of his advisers. He said Mr. Ferguson, who is charged with killing six people on the Long Island Rail Road, believed that the jury did not fairly represent "the societal makeup in Nassau County." B4. ASSEMBLY BACKS REVISION OF TOXICS LAW
The New Jersey Assembly voted to revise a 1991 law aimed at reducing the use of toxic substances in manufacturing, responding to the plea of businesses, who said they were being strangled by red tape. B2. Chronicle B2  Neediest Cases B2<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>WILL SHIELDS, the Outland Trophy winner and an all-America guard at Nebraska, signed with the Kansas City Chiefs yesterday.
Shields, a third-round draft choice who was the Chiefs' highest selection, signed a series of three one-year contracts. The 6-foot-2-inch, 298-pounder was regarded as one of the best pulling collegiate guards and helped Nebraska to a rushing average of 333.4 yards a game.
The Chiefs also signed nine-year veteran MICHAEL YOUNG as a free agent. The receiver had one catch last season after spending the first eight weeks of the season on the physically-unable-to-perform list because of a back injury. (AP)  SPORTS PEOPLE: FOOTBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>For the next few days, if not years, Dick Haley, who helped the Steelers build a dynasty in the 1970's, will have a major impact on the direction of the Jets.
Haley, well known and well respected around the National Football League, is the behind-the-scenes Jets player personnel director who has suddenly been given virtual general manager's status because of Dick Steinberg's illness.
Steinberg, who is battling stomach cancer, is turning over many of his day-to-day duties to Haley. And if the owner, Leon Hess, is contemplating a major move in the wake of Steinberg's condition -- not to mention Steinberg's 32-48 record in five seasons -- he could very well give the post to the 57-year-old Haley.
Haley has a player's eye for talent, having performed for seven years in the N.F.L. as a defensive back. Drafting for the Steelers, he tended to go for the great athlete, such as Rod Woodson, and placed emphasis on a gritty, wild-man approach to the game -- often at the expense of size.
"Dick Haley was a tremendously competent person, a gentleman, and a real good judge of players," Art Rooney Jr., the Steelers' former personnel vice president, said yesterday.
"The only harsh words we ever had was over his selection of a certain type of player," said Rooney. "A lot of that philosophy came from Chuck Noll. I said to Dick, 'If I want great athletes, I'll go to the Olympics -- and half of them will be women.' "
Haley left the Steelers in 1992 to join the Jets. That move coincided with the end of the Chuck Noll era. Haley replaced Steinberg's previous right-hand man, Ron Wolf, who left to become general manager of the Packers.
In the three drafts Haley has been involved in -- Steinberg has run the operation from top to bottom and has the final say -- all three No. 1 draft picks have turned into starters. Johnny Mitchell, the tight end, was the first, followed by middle linebacker Marvin Jones, and this year, cornerback Aaron Glenn. All have the potential to be impact players.
In addition, 14 players from those drafts are on the roster, including another starter, tackle Siupeli Malamala. Also, Cal Dixon will probably be the center next year. Thus, at least five players from Haley's three drafts will be starting.
Haley, who was not available this week for interviews, spent 20 years with the Steelers, most of them running the draft. Perhaps his most successful draft came in 1974 when the Steelers selected Lynn Swann, Jack Lambert, John Stallworth and Mike Webster. They were part of a core that captured four Super Bowls in six seasons.
"A lot of people don't recognize the tremendous success we had with low-round draft choices," said Joe Gordon, the Steelers' communications director. "We had Mike Wagner and L. C. Greenwood and we had free agents Donnie Shell, Randy Grossman and Jim Clack."
In Haley's later years with the Steelers, he also had a voice in pro personnel. Also, the Steelers' philosophy changed toward the end of his tenure, when they started drafting for size.
"We used to talk draft philosophy and how to build a team," said Rooney. "I had this mathematical formula: players lasted five years, and if you could get 2.5 players a draft over those five years you'd be able to have a football team of 11 people."
Haley agreed that the draft is the critical way to develop a team, a philosophy that remains with many football people despite free agency. On the Jets, the two-year record under free agency is 14-18.
"I remember Dick as a freshman at Pitt," said Giants General Manager George Young. "He was a tailback and he played defense."
Haley was a teammate of Mike Ditka and Foge Fazio, then went on to be drafted in 1959 by the Redskins, performed for two seasons, and joined Minnesota in the 1961 expansion draft. He moved to the Steelers, where he played from 1961 to 1964.
He spent five years with the Blesto scouting combine before starting his 20-year stint with the Steelers.
"They drafted the kind of people that Chuck Noll wanted," said Young. "I think Dick's an excellent person, a hard worker. Just like Dick Steinberg."
Steinberg suggested that Haley, and the Jets' assistant general manager, James Harris, "could bring in some fresh ideas." Harris is the former quarterback who played for the Bills, Rams and Chargers. Harris, 47, who joined the Jets last year, was involved in the recruiting of experienced free agents such as Ronnie Lott.
But Haley's presence on the club makes it easier for Hess to avoid a major shake-up. After all, a new general manager is very likely to want his own coaching staff.  FOOTBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Returning to "Mystery" in five new hourlong cases, Jeremy Brett has become television's quintessential Sherlock Holmes. These latest episodes bring to a total of 34 hours since 1984 the Granada Television productions that star Mr. Brett as Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's fictional detective. One curious development: the more the actor painstakingly refines and enriches his portrayal, the more he tends to suggest in his increasingly chilly cerebrations the interpretation of another actor closely associated with the role, Basil Rathbone. Even if unintentional, the effect is perfectly on target.
In these new additions to "The Casebook of Sherlock Holmes," England has turned the century, shifting from a Victorian to an Edwardian mode. Holmes, however, remains remarkably resistant to change. He still lives at 221-B Baker Street, tended to by Mrs. Hudson (Rosalie Williams), the unflappable housekeeper, and assisted in his amateur sleuthing by the steady Dr. Watson (Edward Hardwicke). For important errands, he employs the local young men known as the Baker Street Irregulars because, he explains, "they are more discreet than any telegraph."
Tonight's story, on Channels 13 and 21 at 9, is "The Illustrious Client," which has, as Diana Rigg informs us, a mystery at both ends. There is the case to be solved, of course, but in this instance Holmes doesn't even know the identity of the man who is hiring him. The courier is the aristocratic Sir James Damery (David Langton), who is worried that the notorious Baron Gruner (Anthony Valentine), an Austrian murderer, is seducing a British heiress named Violet (Abigail Cruttenden) into marrying him. Violet is the rather impressionable daughter of a respected general. "Your problem," snaps Holmes, pausing dramatically, "interests me."
Gruner is a diabolically clever opponent, easily on a level with Professor Moriarty. He has laid bare his entire past to Violet, including accusations that he killed his wife, but in such a way that she is thoroughly convinced he is a misunderstood victim. Holmes may be a brilliant literary creation but Conan Doyle's plots sometimes get snarled in unlikely contrivances. Even after meeting one of Gruner's former girlfriends, badly disfigured by the Baron with oil of vitriol, Violet's faith in the monster remains unshaken. The supposed reason is quaintly Victorian. The poor girl, it seems, is not in her senses; she is, quite literally, madly in love and completely in his grasp.
But the fun, as usual, is in watching Holmes move into action. In a meeting with the Baron, his contempt is bottomless as he reminds the nasty Austrian that in respectable society "you remove the band from a cigar before lighting it; otherwise you'll be put down for a bounder." The Holmes plan to entrap the Baron involves a scheme to appeal to his passion for collecting, a scheme that requires Watson to spend 24 hours devouring books that will make him an expert on Chinese pottery. As always, Watson does what he's told with enviable competence.
There is a resolution of sorts, and the identity of the "illustrious client" is revealed with appropriate decorum. Holmes triumphs once again. Equally to the point, so does Mr. Brett. Mystery The Casebook of Sherlock Holmes: 'The Illustrious Client'  Directed by Tim Sullivan; adapted by Robin Chapman; produced by Michael Cox for Granada Television; Diana Rigg, host. At 9 tonight on Channels 13, 21 and 49. WITH: Jeremy Brett, Edward Hardwicke, David Langton, Anthony Valentine, Abigail Cruttenden and Rosalie Williams.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Regarding the questionable fate of busts of great composers perched on grand pianos -- all is not lost. As one who lives a modern life style in an efficiency apartment that won't accommodate a piano, I assure you that the future is guaranteed. On my refrigerator door I have "stick-on" busts of Mozart, Beethoven, Brahms, Handel and Bach. I am eager to add others as they become available. LEONARD CARPENTER  Memphis  BUSTS OF COMPOSERS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Claude Gallimard, who headed his family's publishing company, Editions Gallimard, until 1988, died on Monday in Paris, the company announced. He was 77 years old.
No cause of death was given, but he was known to have Alzheimer's disease.
Editions Gallimard has long been France's largest and most prestigious independent publishing house. It was founded in 1911 by Claude Gallimard's father, Gaston, who built its reputation around publishing literary giants like Sartre, Proust and Camus.
Claude Gallimard ran the company from 1976 to 1988, when he retired for health reasons.
A much-publicized family feud flared when he forced out his older son, Christian, and named his younger son, Antoine, as his successor.
Mr. Gallimard was born Jan. 10, 1914, in Paris. He studied law and joined the family firm in 1937.
In addition to his two sons, he is survived by two daughters, Francoise and Isabelle.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>SIGNPOSTS IN A STRANGE LAND
By Walker Percy. Edited by Patrick Samway. 428 pp. New York: Farrar, Straus & Giroux. $25.
"I'm sick and tired of talking about the South and hearing about the South," the novelist Walker Percy says in the mocking self-interview that concludes "Signposts in a Strange Land," a collection of his occasional writings. Yet, like so many other Southern writers, he seems unable to stay away from the subject.
Even when he is talking about Herman Melville, his primary concern is why Southerners regard Melville so highly. When Percy's topic is the role of the novelist, it is the Southern writer's position that chiefly engages his attention. When he addresses the issue of the moral obligations of Christians, it is in terms of what Southern whites owe to their black neighbors.
But Percy, who died last year at the age of 73, is far from parochial in his interests. Some of his other preoccupations touched upon in this collection, edited by Patrick Samway, are the mysteries of language and of human nature itself, and the failure of science and its stepsister, psychiatry, to penetrate those mysteries. He also ruminates on the nature of faith and the prevalence of the second-rate in American life and culture.
Percy is always intelligent, always civilized, never blind to his opponents' point of view. But there is something so unfailingly mandarin and aloof about his tone that, except when he is discussing his Roman Catholic beliefs, the reader never gets a satisfying sense of a man talking to men. One begins to wonder whether he didn't, after all, pay a price for his self-imposed isolation in the "pleasant nonplace" of Covington, La. This is the voice not of someone engaged in urgent dialogue with his audience, but of a rueful aristocrat surveying the world's ills from a lofty height.
Evelyn Toynton is a freelance critic.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Our clinic computers went on the blink last week, and work ground to a halt. The receptionists couldn't confirm scheduled appointments or make new ones. The nurses had no way to record vital signs or transmit phone messages. The billers couldn't bill.
We doctors couldn't read our old notes or write new ones. We couldn't figure out if Mr. Jones needed blood tests today (as we suspected) or if he could put them off until November (as he maintained). We couldn't click the mouse once to prescribe a dozen medications; now every slip had to be laboriously written out by hand. And who remembers how to spell pyrazinamide anyway, let alone what size pills it comes in?
When the computer prompts our every keystroke, we are lean, mean prescribing machines. Without it, we are just people with pens and pads fumbling through reference books. An hour into the chaos, a nurse muttered that as far as she was concerned, we might just as well all go home.
Her verdict would have surprised the secretary of health and human services, Tommy Thompson, who has argued for years that health care is not nearly dependent enough on computers, and who has recently started a major federal initiative to correct this situation. Mr. Thompson likes to point out in speeches that grocery stores are more technologically advanced than most hospitals and clinics.
And indeed, the average supermarket processes artichokes with more finesse than most hospitals do people. There are the scrawled, notoriously illegible doctors' orders. There are the handwritten signs that may or may not be noticed, taped to charts (''Caution! Patient with similar name!'') and above beds (''No blood drawing in left arm''). There is the pesky symmetry of the human body that leads proactive patients to ink arrows on their bodies before surgery.
It's easy to fantasize that computerized orders, bar-coded patients and wireless communications can straighten everything out. Some hospitals are on their way to streamlined electronic perfection, and do report improvements. But others linger at the back of the pack, with computers that have yet to smooth the jolting, sometimes terrifying, potholes of working in a hospital, or of being admitted to one.
The various computer systems in a hospital may not speak to one another. Patients may report they have had tests of which there appears to be no record at all, until a last-ditch phone call to an administrator of a separate computer system locates the results. Elisa Green and Elias Green may still get all mixed up, as may the three James Johnsons; their computerized charts often carry the same flag as their paper ones did: a pop-up box announcing ''Caution! Patient with similar name!'' that is pretty easy for someone in a hurry to ignore.
Computers were no help in averting one of the worst near-disasters I'd seen in years: a tired resident pointed and clicked one patient's powerful dose of blood thinning medication onto another patient's orders. Some hospital systems might have been intelligent enough to have balked, but hers waved her through. It's anyone's guess if the pharmacy or the patient's nurse would have caught the error; fortunately, her supervisor happened to check her work that day. Both doctors, white-faced, learned instantaneously that computerization alone does not eliminate medical errors.
Perhaps more computers or wiser computers are the solution, especially if they are programmed with whatever combination of fear, suspicion and conscience it is that makes supervising doctors compulsively check trainees' orders.
Sometimes, though, it is tempting to wish for fewer, dumber computers instead. After all, if the intern had been writing orders on a bedside clipboard, the mistake would never have happened. Computer screens all look alike; patients' faces do not.
In an essay published in The Journal of the American Medical Association in 2002, Dr. Steven Angelo wrote about the day his hospital computer crashed. For a few hours, the intensive care unit staff was unable to track a patient's blood pressure or heart rate by looking at a monitor. The chairs in the unit's nursing station, he wrote, slowly emptied out: the doctors and nurses had gone to sit with their patients.
In our clinic, the computer monitors are placed in a way that the doctor can watch the screen or the patient, but not both. Frankly, it's not much of a contest. The monitors are mesmerizing, with their colors and windows, boxes and beeps, menus of pills ripe for the prescribing. Walk down the row of offices, and you see the patients looking at their doctors, and the doctors looking at their screens.
Last week, when the system crashed, we looked at our patients instead.
COMMENTARY<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>BUTSON-Thomas G. The New York Times records with deep sorrow the passing of Thomas G. Butson, associated with The Times from 1968 until retiring in 1991.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>ROCUSES have bloomed. So have the snowdrops. Early tulips and the first daffodils are beginning to show their colors.
In short, the spring bloom parade has warmed up. And gardeners who have not done the usual seasonal cleanup ritual had better get cracking. Because from now on, things will start happening at a rapid pace.
The lawn that has not been raked of all its winter debris, should be. Several high-velocity windstorms this past season blew down many little twigs from trees along with the larger limbs and plenty of old oak leaves. These should be cleared from the grass. This lawn-raking ritual is a boon to growth.
Good gardeners are learning about the trend of just one fall application of lawn fertilizer, too. If that path was followed, then the fall application should be all the lawn needs.
Some gardeners insist that their lawns need an extra feeding in the spring, but be warned -- spring lawn feeding can push grass growth so hard as to make it more susceptible to disease invasion. Also, excess fertilizer increases run-off (which is not beneficial to waterways) as the nutrients are not readily absorbed.
As to weed invasion: one of the most prevalent weeds at this time of year is wild garlic. The fine grasslike spears poke up all over the place, but the temptation is to pull out the strong-smelling clumps. Those who do may regret it because they risk leaving behind a bulbous root system. The bulbs remain dormant all summer and pop up with stronger foliage in the fall.
Either apply a systemic weedkiller to each individual weed cluster so that it seeps down to the bulb or dig out the wild garlic with a garden tool, making sure that the bulbous parts are removed.
If violets are creeping up in the lawn, the same techniques may be used. Hand weeding to get all the root system is the only way to control this aggressive wildling.
This is also a good time of year to prune, as many plants are still dormant. The pruning should be done carefully, either to control size or to remove limbs of woody plants that are obstructing views or paths or are a danger to the house.
Limbs broken or split by ice or wind storms are liabilities, since they cannot be made to recover and regrow with any sort of propping up. It may be a sentimental harship, but the limb should be cut off.
Gardeners who are growing raspberries and failed to cut down the canes that bore fruit last season should be sure that these canes are cut to the ground now.
Mulches have been protecting borders, roses and new plantings. Now that the forsythia is blooming, these mulches can safely be removed. Remove them from the bases of rosebushes and check the canes for winter damage. Rose pruning should be completed, too.
Wood plants should have a generous application of fertilizer, if it was not applied at the ideal time last fall. Be sure to use acid-type fertilizer for laurels, rhododendrons and azaleas. Remember that these shrubs are shallow-rooted and be careful when using hand tools around their bases so the roots are not disturbed.
Don't forget to feed the spring-blooming bulbs. Research has shown that fertilizer applied to permanent bulb plantings when the foliage is first piercing the ground in spring is highly beneficial to support formation of next spring's bloom. This is particularly effective for daffodils, grape hyacinths, aconites, crocus and chionodoxa. These are the bulbs that stay put in the earth to multiply over the years.
When removing the mulches from perennial beds, be most careful not to trample burgeoning shoots. Some of the plants have not stirred as yet, and the soil around them should be left loose so the young shoots can push up. It is still too early to apply any fertilizer to these plants, particularly as it is difficult to know just where they are. Also, any dividing of overgrown perennials should be postponed until the growth is full and sturdy.
Finally, one of the best, least harmful spray applications for the garden is dormant oil. This is a spray that coats the limbs and twigs of woody plants, which smothers the insects that cling to the bark, especially scales, psylids, aphids and the woolly adelgids that attack hemlocks.  GARDENING<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Edward O. Wilson's keen observance of our world (''A Wild, Fearsome World'') is a good reminder that there is always more going on in nature, if we only take the time to look closely.
His approach to changing one's vantage point from two-dimensional to three opens up a whole new world right before our very eyes.
Looking at the accompanying graphic illustration, I couldn't help but wonder what the floor of my teenager's bedroom would look like from that perspective?
DAVID NOWICKI  Interlaken, N.Y.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>GOLDMAN-Jeanette. Devoted wife of the late Isadore Goldman. Loving mother of Danny Goldman, Naomi Bernstein and the late Elaine Lazarowitz. Adored grandmother of Susan Pike Blinken, Lisa and Dan Bernstein. Great-grandmother of Alexandra Pike. Rest in peace, Nanny Jean. You have earned it. Graveside services Tuesday, May 23, at Old Montefiore Cemetery St. Albans, Queens, (718-528-1700).<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Regarding "Prive's Ploy" (Dec. 12): Is this America, or what? I used to think that my money was just as good as anyone else's. Not so! Even my credit cards are useless.
How unfortunate that I and many, many others are not part of the "scene" that this restaurant's owners are seeking. I used to be "chic, high-energy, smart, sexy" -- but that was before my hair turned white and I retired from teaching school.
Did it ever occur to Prive's owners that the lucky ones are those who did not receive "the card"? The restaurants I visit are welcoming, the hosts happy to see me (and my money).
To those who dine with people who are "fun" and "more fun than others," know that the rest of us are having lots of fun -- laughing at you. FLORENCE L. SANDS  Jackson Heights, Queens<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>ADOPTING a ritual established 17 years ago in Boston that has spread to 100 cities in the United States, Canada and Australia, Freeport will stage its second First Night Freeport celebration on Saturday. Last year more than 4,500 people attended the festival.
This year, the director of the event, Mary Westring, said, she expects 9,000 adults and children to attend 95 performances and exhibitions from 2 P.M. to midnight at eight sites in the village. The nonalcoholic day, which is budgeted at $125,000, ends with a fireworks display by Bay Fireworks at the Guy Lombardo Marina at the end of South Grove Street.
The activities, Ms. Westring added, are intended to "celebrate our diversity through the universal language of the arts." Freeporters trace their roots from 31 countries of birth and 65 countries of origin, she said.
The festival will include handmade miniature Russian coaches by Oscar Leavitt, 96, a son of the last czar's toymaker on display in the South Nassau Unitarian Universalist Congregation and performances by a Ghanian drum-and-dance group, Akyene Baako, at 6 P.M. in the high school. The National Circus Project, featuring Chinese, Russians and Americans. performs, at 7 P.M., also at the high school.
The artists will include Oscar Brand, the East Bay Chamber Players, Steve Love's New York Express, the New York Madrigal Singers and the Tumble Bay String Band. A $7 lapel button admits to all events, and a free bus service will be available among the sites (223-8856).<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>FEIT-Edward. Proud of his loving family, always an advocate for the West Side Jewish Center, and a credit to the accounting profession; he will be missed by many. Condolences to his wife Adele, daughters Marilyn & Rachel, sons-in-law Alon and Michael, and grandchildren. Alan Fell<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>THE biggest victims of the initial public offering craze of the late 1990's were the investors who wound up with shares that went from being worth billions to having a value -- if they have any at all -- as collectibles.
Those investors, however, do not stand to get anything directly from an expected $100 million settlement between Credit Suisse First Boston and securities regulators. That money will go to the United States Treasury and to market regulators from the National Association of Securities Dealers.
It is not yet clear whether regulators will bring cases against other firms in ways that would make it easier for the many class-action suits against the investment banks to bear fruit, but this settlement is not expected to provide ammunition for such shareholder suits.
During the wild technology and Internet boom, companies with little in the way of operating history -- never mind any profits -- were able to go public and raise large sums of money. More important, many of those stocks soared the first day of trading, providing large instant profits for those lucky enough to get allocations in the offerings.
Such instant profits created an atmosphere that was ripe for abuse. Companies that were going public could use share allocations to secure business relationships and reward friends. The underwriters could do the same. The deals often raised ethical questions but have not so far been the subject of regulatory action.
But two possible classes of securities law violations by underwriters have brought investigations. The first amounts to getting kickbacks from money managers in return for share allocations. In such a case, underwriters would let customers get more shares of hot deals in return for promises to return some of the profits through commissions on subsequent trades.
The Securities and Exchange Commission civil case against Credit Suisse First Boston is expected to include accusations regarding that practice. Persons close to the matter say there is evidence the firm demanded $1 in kickbacks for every $3 made on some new offerings. At least some smaller money managers appear to have paid the money by agreeing to exorbitant commissions of more than $1 a share on subsequent trades. Such commissions -- in contrast to normal commissions of pennies a share -- are hard to explain based on normal business practices.
The actual accusations against the firm are likely to deal with violating a N.A.S.D. rule barring firms from sharing in the profits or losses of customers. The S.E.C. is expected to also say the firm failed to keep accurate books and records and did not adequately supervise employees.
The other possible type of underwriter violation involves a practice known as laddering. In that case, an underwriter would grant an allocation of shares to a purchaser, who in return committed to buy more shares at higher prices in the open market. It appears that Credit Suisse First Boston will not face accusations of such violations.
If it occurred, laddering could be construed as clear market manipulation that forced prices in the open market higher than they should have been. As such, it would be valuable to lawyers pursuing private class actions against the brokerage firms, lawyers who could then argue that the victims included those who bought shares at the inflated prices.
In contrast, it is not so clear who might have suffered from the practice of taking kickbacks through excessive commissions. It could be argued that the payers had suffered, but they would be unlikely to sue. Perhaps some investors could make the case that they would have gotten allocations if those paying kickbacks had not gotten more shares as a result, but the amount of such claims would seem to be limited.
Proving laddering would be extremely difficult, according to some regulators. It is accepted practice for underwriters to try to gauge the market for new offerings, and that includes seeking to learn the maximum price buyers would pay  and whether they planned to hold the shares or sell them quickly. There is a fine line between asking whether an investor would be willing to buy shares at a higher price, which is legal, and getting a commitment to do so, which would be illegal.
Other underwriting firms remain under S.E.C. investigation, and it is not clear if any charges will result from that inquiry.
Market Place<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Homestore.com Inc., the beleaguered online real estate company, lost about $1.5 billion in 2001, according to a filing it made with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The recent S.E.C. filing said the wider loss was a result of the company's restructuring. The company plans to detail its 2001 performance by the end of the week. Earlier, the company reported after an internal accounting inquiry that it had lost $146 billion in 2000. The inquiry led to the ouster of Stuart Wolff, the chief executive, in January. Homestore.com manages the Realtor.com Web site for the National Association of Realtors.
Andrew Zipern (NYT)
Correction:  April 5, 2002, Friday  A report in the Technology Briefing column of Business Day on Wednesday about the finances of the online real estate company Homestore.com Inc. misstated its loss for 2000. It was $146 million, not billion.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>SNOW-Russel W. Jr. Of Liberty Corner, NJ on May 22, 1999. Beloved husband of Ruth Peiffer Snow. Father of Carl and David. Brother of Mrs. Jacquelyn Hinds. Also survived by 3 grandchildren. Funeral Services will be held at the Wm. A. Bradley & Son Funeral Home, 345 Main St. (Rt. 124) Chatham, NJ on Thursday May 27, 1999 at 11am. Friends may call Wed. 7-9pm. Those who wish may contribute in his memory to the American Cancer Society.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>In percent
Previous
Year
Yesterday
Day
Ago
Prime rate
8.50
8.50
8.25
Discount rate
5.00
5.00
5.25
Federal funds
5.50
5.52
5.15
3-month T-bills
4.95
4.94
5.08
6-month T-bills
4.98
4.97
5.19
10-yr. T-infl.
3.69
3.67
3.44
10-yr. T-note
5.57
5.55
6.68
30-yr. T-bond
5.89
5.86
6.94
Telephone bd.
6.97
6.97
7.97
Municipal bds.
5.26
5.27
5.83
(Sources: Salomon Brothers; Dow Jones; Markets; The Bond Buyer)
THE MARKETS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: The Foote Mineral Company said it had signed a letter of intent to merge into the Rio Tinto-Zinc Corporation, a London-based mining and industrial-operations concern. The company said that at the time of the acquisition its assets will include only its lithium and ferrosilicon operations. Foote, which is 83 percent owned by the Newmont Mining Corporation, said it was in talks with several companies on the sale of is manganese operations.
The Foote Mineral Company said it had signed a letter of intent to merge into the Rio Tinto-Zinc Corporation, a London-based mining and industrial-operations concern. The company said that at the time of the acquisition its assets will include only its lithium and ferrosilicon operations. Foote, which is 83 percent owned by the Newmont Mining Corporation, said it was in talks with several companies on the sale of is manganese operations. Foote said that Newmont had informally indicated that it would approve of the Rio Tinto proposal.
COMPANY NEWS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>''I can see no advantage to the Queen or the public if the Lord Chancellor  removes his tights.''
LORD WADDINGTON, opposing Britain's chief judge's plea to modernize his 17th-century costume. [A4]<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Once again, talk of a Japanese selloff of United States Treasury bonds has been heard, briefly raising the possibility of new market tremors, but this time few investors seemed rattled.
Indeed, it turns out that the Bank of Japan has been quietly selling some Treasury holdings for days, causing barely a stir.
The latest speculation about a sale of bonds came on Sunday, when Taku Yamasaki, chairman of the ruling Liberal Democratic Party's policy research council, said the Government was considering selling some Treasuries to help troubled Japanese banks raise dollars they needed.
Japanese news reports described Mr. Yamasaki's suggestion as more serious than the offhand comment made six months ago by Prime Minister Ryutaro Hashimoto on the possibility of such sales, which rattled markets worldwide and sent United States stock prices down.
But today the markets seemed to largely shrug off the possibility of a big Treasury bond sale. In the United States, stocks were mixed and bond prices only dipped.
[Japanese stocks rallied sharply early Tuesday on reports that Mr. Hashimoto favors spending $77 billion to help financial companies write off bad loans. The Nikkei 225-stock index rose 518.16 points, or 3.22 percent, to 16,650.25.]
Bankers and foreign-exchange brokers here said even before Mr. Yamasaki's proposal was reported that the nation's central bank had been selling some Treasury holdings to raise dollars in the repurchase market, meaning it has agreed to buy them back later. These sales are essentially loans using Treasury instruments as collateral, and do not increase the supply available.
The central bank has been using the proceeds for loans to banks confronted with high borrowing costs. Lenders have cast an increasingly wary eye upon the health of the entire financial system, afterfour large institutions collapsed last month.
The possibility that Japan might unload United States Treasury holdings, an idea heard from time to time, could have a big impact on the  markets. Japan is the largest foreign holder of United States Government debt, and a substantial sale could cause a supply glut that sends prices down and interest rates up.
But Japanese officials said no selloff of Treasury bonds was envisioned. They noted that any money raised would be done through the repurchase market -- the same process the central bank is using.
Behind Mr. Yamasaki's remarks seemed to be the idea that the central bank could temporarily lend the proceeds of bond sales to banks facing difficulty borrowing, thereby alleviating the credit squeeze.
''It's a way for the Government to give cheap financing to Japanese banks in a situation where the market is not judging credit risks in the same way it would under normal conditions,'' said Robert Alan Feldman of Salomon Brothers Asia.
Foreign-exchange brokers said the central bank had entrusted the proceeds of sales made in recent days to the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi and Sumitomo Bank, which in turn have made loans to their shakier brethren.
A currency broker who spoke on condition of anonymity said some banks pressed for cash last week were now issuing certificates of deposit to other Japanese financial institutions that needed funds. .
In that way, the Bank of Japan has solved the short-term financing problems many commercial banks have confronted. Indeed, the only footprint the central bank has left is in the ''Japan premium,'' the extra tenths of a percentage point that Japanese banks pay to borrow overseas. These premiums have fallen roughly in half.
The central bank does not disclose its total United States bond holdings. All Japanese investors held slightly more than 6 percent, or $330 billion, in Treasuries at the end of 1996, said Ronald Bevacqua of Merrill Lynch.
As such, Japanese investors as a group can influence United States bond prices and yields -- potential leverage in any economic dispute between the two largest economies. But few expect Japan to use it.
Historically, the Japanese have held Treasury bills in times of distress, most recently in 1995, when concerns about the Japanese financial system made credit expensive.
Second, interest rates in Japan are measured in tenths of a percent, rather than full percentage points, making Treasuries about the highest-yielding asset held by Japanese institutional investors.
Third, this coming April 1, longstanding regulations curbing Japanese purchases of investments denominated in currencies other than yen will end, which could cause a flow of capital out of the country..
Already, the Japanese subsidiary of Citibank is reporting a large increase in its deposits.
And Japanese banks, which are large holders of United States assets, cannot afford to cash out their Treasuries. As of March 31, most big banks  must meet the Bank of International Settlements' standard that they maintain capital equal to 8 percent of their assets. A reduction in their United States Treasury bills, which are considered virtually risk-free, would make that harder to achieve.
The greatest curb on a Japanese sale of American bonds lies in the global consequences of such an action. ''From the Government's perspective, they're well aware of the implications of a large-scale liquidation of U.S. Treasuries, including higher interest rates worldwide and an increase in the Japan premium as well,'' said Kathy Matsui, Goldman Sachs Japan's chief market strategist here.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: The General Electric Credit Corporation said yesterday that it had agreed to acquire the Gelco Corporation, a management service and leasing company focusing on transportation markets, in a transaction that will ultimately cost G.E. about $414 million.
The General Electric Credit Corporation said yesterday that it had agreed to acquire the Gelco Corporation, a management service and leasing company focusing on transportation markets, in a transaction that will ultimately cost G.E. about $414 million.
As part of the deal, G.E. Credit agreed to pay $35 a share, or $250 million, for all of Gelco's common stock. In addition, the company will take on, and presumably retire, some $164 million worth of preferred shares.
G.E.'s successful bid comes a year after Gelco survived a fierce takeover fight with Coniston Partners, the New York investment concern. In order to stave off Coniston, which offered $26 a share for Gelco's common stock, the company embarked on a stock buyback program that was paid for by the preferred shares, and then set out to sell four of its divisions. Gelco rejected Coniston's offer as too low.
Officials at G.E. and at Gelco both expressed pleasure with the deal.
''The purchase is attractive and complementary to our growing positions in rail-car, commercial and corporate aircraft, auto fleet and container leasing,'' said Gary Wendt, president of G.E. Financial Services and its subsidiary G.E. Credit. ''It is a major step forward in our long-term strategy of being a high value-added financial services firm.''
One of the nation's largest diversified financial service credit companies, G.E. Credit has assets of more than $28 billion.
Kevin Mitchell, a senior vice president at Gelco, said: ''This was a friendly deal, and the offer on the table was a financially fair one. There is quite a bit of yardage between the Coniston offer and this one.''
Based in Eden Prairie, Minn., a suburb of Minneapolis and St. Paul, Gelco employs 5,200 people worldwide. On Sept. 18, it reported a loss of $4.9 million for the year ended July 31. The loss was caused by preferred stock payments of $16.8 million, without which earnings would have been $11.9 million. In the previous year, Gelco reported a loss of $6.4 million.
COMPANY NEWS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>String ties and cowboy boots, sometimes worn with shorts, were in fashion this weekend in and around the Kennedy Center here. Hometown support from the Lone Star state has not been lacking for the center's first Texas Festival.
But there was more than boosterism behind the thunderous applause on Saturday night after the Houston Ballet's performance of "Company B," the instant masterpiece that Paul Taylor has choreographed to recordings by the Andrews Sisters. It is, quite simply, the best dance premiere of the season.
Extraordinarily well performed by a ballet company that might not be expected to take to Mr. Taylor's modern-dance style, "Company B" hits as deep in the gut as it dazzles the eye with its outpouring of spirited choreography. Mr. Taylor, though in acute sympathy with the music, knows how to seduce an audience with a fabulous groovy surface, all the while challenging it to follow the ballet's poignant subtext.
President Bush, a sometime Texan, was apparently so taken with the dancers and the Taylor premiere at Thursday's opening night that he and Mrs. Bush played host to the Houston Ballet on Friday morning in the White House private quarters. Even an Andrews sister -- Maxene -- was on hand at the opening. (Patty did not come; LaVerne is deceased).
The Houston Ballet, under Ben Stevenson's artistic direction since 1976, looks very different from its last appearance in New York in 1985. There has been an influx of new and better dancers. The transformation is radical, visible in the vigor and strong technique of the men and the classical polish of the women. The addition of Christopher Bruce from Britain as resident choreographer to furnish new works has perhaps added a creative stimulus.
"Company B" is the first of six dance premieres from American companies in the Kennedy Center's new commissioning project. With the impetus of a challenge grant from the National Endowment for the Arts, it has shot off to a brilliant start.
Although Mr. Taylor worked out the choreography on his own company (it is to perform "Company B" in New York in October), no one can regret seeing the Houston Ballet first. Through the exceptional staging job by Christopher Gillis and Cathy McCann from the Taylor troupe, the Houston Ballet comes off to the manner born and its soloists, notably Mark Arvin as a dynamo bugler from the title song, bring down the house.
"Company B," subtitled "Songs Sung by the Andrews Sisters" uses nine songs from the 1940's. The first, "Bei Mir Bist Du Schoen," which the trio turned into a Yiddish-American pop classic, is repeated in the 10th, final section.
By then, the same song sounds different, its initial merriment diluted by the images of war, of death and of complex personal relationships that Mr. Taylor has either dropped suddenly or threaded subtly through the fabric of the piece. The young women in Rosie the Riveter outfits or bobby socks, and men in occasional airforce mechanic caps who had burst out exuberantly into polkas and Lindy Hops, are no longer the same. Moreover, Jennifer Tipton's astonishingly creative lighting has turned Santo Loquasto's beige or green stylized costumes into khaki tones and dreamlike visions. World War II becomes a sober cinematic frieze, but life at home, in its all its vitality, goes on before it.
Mr. Taylor's sees too much around him to turn up with a nostalgia piece about the 1940's. Every cliche is turned upside down. The sharpest is a reinterpretation of the song "I Can Dream, Can't I?" where Susan Cummins, in a circling lyric solo, is abstracted into a woman who -- the lyrics declare -- cannot unlock her man's heart because he loves another. The other, it turns out is a man -- or so Phillip Broomhead and Mr. Arvin suggest in a series of still poses in a passing frieze.
Mr. Taylor's revisionism runs through "Company B," but this perspective at a distance pays tribute to the Andrews Sisters. He honors them for their popularizing of ethnic material. Dawn Scannell and James Nelson lead the ensemble in "Pennsylvania Polka." Sean Kelly's solo, "Tico-Tico" captures the male bravado of a more innocent age and its love affair with Latin rhythms that are distilled further with a stroke of ironic genius in "Rum and Coca-Cola." Here, Erika Johnson's little-girl image runs counter to the Carmen Miranda persona she assumes; that is her charm.
Another Yiddish number, "Joseph! Joseph!" shares a man-chasing theme with "Oh Johnny, Oh Johnny, Oh!," whose comic tones are erased by the sight of Kristin Bacon, kneeling at the end of "There Will be Never Another You."
Mr. Taylor makes us hear the Andrews Sisters in a new way. Their own perceptions about patriotic hurrahs rises to the surface in this heart- tugging lament, but it also penetrates a rousing number like "Boogie-Woogie Bugle Boy (of Company B)." Mr. Arvin races around the stage as an irrepressible stylized jazz bugler in the Army -- until he drops dead.
"Company B" is about mortality, but it is also the deepest of Mr. Taylor's pieces about America.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Tim Hardaway had 28 points and 15 assists and Walt Williams scored 27 points, including five 3-pointers, tonight, leading the Miami Heat to a 121-97 victory over Houston.
Hakeem Olajuwon had 26 points and 12 rebounds for the Rockets, who tied the  game three times in the third quarter, but were blown out by 26-8 run that gave  the Heat an 18-point lead by the opening munute of the final period.
PRO BASKETBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Having dispatched his former team in the first round of the N.B.A. playoffs, Toronto's Charles Oakley criticized the Knicks today, citing their lack of toughness as a reason for their early exit.
Before the Raptors met the Philadelphia 76ers today to open their  second-round series, Oakley, who was traded by the Knicks in 1998,  suggested that Chris Webber may not be the answer to Latrell Sprewell's campaign for blockbuster off-season improvement.
''I don't think they have guys that can handle pressure,'' Oakley said of the Knicks. ''They got a lot of front-runners, not knocking them because they lost the series, but my attitude has always been the same about them. It ain't the same type of Knick guys, it ain't New York type of guys.''
In explaining the Knicks' need to be coddled, he said: ''Guys want to be baby-sat and that's the wrong city if you need to be baby-sat in. All the day care's full.''
He concluded, ''There ain't no tough guys.''
Oakley said the toughest Knicks might be Charlie Ward and Sprewell. Allan Houston, he said, ''may be too laid back.''
He said change was inevitable. ''They got to move somebody,'' Oakley said, citing the demands of Knicks fans.
PRO BASKETBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>An article last Sunday about the origins of allegations circulating in the White House sex scandal referred imprecisely to reports in The Los Angeles Times and The American Spectator. The reports, involving assertions that President Clinton and Monica Lewinsky engaged only in oral sex and that Mr. Clinton believes oral sex is not adultery, cited sources who said they had first-hand information. Thus they were second-hand accounts, not third-hand.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Russian Premier Approved  The new Prime Minister of Russia, Sergei V. Stepashin, won an easy confirmation vote in the lower house of Parliament, bringing the country's brief political crisis to an eerily peaceful end.  PAGE A3
Indictment in bin Laden Case  The Government indicted a former Army sergeant on charges of collaborating with Osama bin Laden, the Saudi exile accused of masterminding two attacks on American embassies in Africa.  PAGE A8
Indians' Past Heads Home  Residents of a northern New Mexico pueblo prepared for a weekend ritual as the Peabody Museum at Harvard released the bones of 2,000 ancient Indians and sent them home for reburial. PAGE A18
Ruling for Katzenberg  Walt Disney breached its contract with its former studio chief Jeffrey Katzenberg and he did not forfeit his bonus by leaving the company, a referee ruled. PAGE C1<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The Shea Stadium scoreboard went dark for a moment in the middle of the game. The reprieve for the Phillies, though, was brief. Power was restored, the electronic readout of Montreal's latest unfolding triumph was burning bright.
The heat of the faraway lights became more intense by the inning. It was anyone's guess how hot it felt at the moment John Franco got the game's final out and the Mets were 5-4 victors over the Phillies.
The defeat, the sixth in nine games for the Phillies, allowed the remarkably relentless Expos to close to four and a half games back in the National League East.
"It should make things interesting," Franco said of his late-inning handiwork on the mound for the Mets. Smile, Smile, Smile
Interesting was not perhaps the adjective popular in the Phillies' clubhouse. There, Danny Jackson, the starter and loser for Philadelphia, was swearing nonstop, railing against the injustice of "good pitches and cheap hits."
Manager Jim Fregosi, who has lost his slugging outfielder Pete Incaviglia for an undetermined stretch, was forcing smiles and talking about injuries being a part of the game. A lot of players were staring at each other and determining how precisely to act.
"I'm sick of making good pitches and seeing cheap hits laying all over the field," Jackson said.
The Phillies were all but laid out on the field after an incompetent and crushing sixth inning. Jackson had retired the first two Mets and was ably protecting a 2-1 lead, one wrought by Ricky Jordan's two-run bolt off Frank Tanana in the third. But rookie shortstop Kevin Stocker misplayed a routine grounder, and then Jackson yielded a single to Dave Gallagher and walked Chico Walker.
The implosion only needed a final spark, and it came with a crack off Jeff Kent's bat. Lenny Dykstra, perhaps fooled by the angle or acoustics of the hit, was late racing to Kent's soft fly to center. The baseball landed in front of Dykstra and then rolled past not only the center fielder but left fielder Milt Thompson, as well. Three runs scored. The Mets led, 4-2. They never trailed after that. What to do?
"I can't do nothing about hits like that," Jackson said. "Neither can anyone else."
After the hit, the Phillies couldn't do enough against the Mets to offset the damage. The Phillies scored a run in the seventh, but Bobby Thigpen gave it back in the bottom of the inning. And then Franco, after being fortunate that Darren Daulton probably hit too hard a double to right to put men on second and third with one out in the eight, got two outs while allowing only one run to score.
An eventless ninth followed, and the Phillies exited with the scoreboard hot enough to shrink bravado. INSIDE PITCH
FRANK TANANA got the victory with six innings of eight-strikeout work. . . . ANTHONY YOUNG, the right-hander with the 1-16 record in 1993 and the major league mark for unbroken futility on the mound, suffered his latest bit of bad luck when told he would have to undergo surgery on his left thumb and that his season was done. Young has a torn medial collateral ligament, an injury suffered while diving for a ball in Chicago earlier in the month.
BASEBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Local law-enforcement officials here have enlisted Federal agents and prosecutors to fight violent drug-dealing gangs that are moving into the Northwest. The approach, unusual in its reliance on Federal resources to fight drugs at the street level, is viewed as one of the most promising approaches in a war the authorities had long characterized as futile.
Local law-enforcement officials here have enlisted Federal agents and prosecutors to fight violent drug-dealing gangs that are moving into the Northwest. The approach, unusual in its reliance on Federal resources to fight drugs at the street level, is viewed as one of the most promising approaches in a war the authorities had long characterized as futile.
The program is intended to serve as a deterrent by charging suspected gang members with Federal crimes that carry far greater penalties than state statutes. It also puts pressure on gang members to become informers, helping agents to seize suspects at airports and bus stations as they arrive with weapons and drugs from their bases in Los Angeles.
Federal and local law-enforcement officials say this combination has slowed the influx of drug dealers from Los Angeles into new territory. Inquiries From Other Cities
The new approach, which was begun by the United States Attorney here after a request was made by the local police, is being closely watched by the police in more than two-dozen American cities where cocaine-dealing gangs from Los Angeles have gained a foothold.
''It's working so well for us,'' said Lieut. Jerry Adams of the Seattle police, ''that we've had requests from cities around the country asking us for help.''
Law-enforcement officials from Seattle and a dozen other cities gathered with the Federal Bureau of Investigation in Kansas City today to develop a national strategy for fighting the Los Angeles gangs. Since last year, police officers in Denver, Minneapolis, Oklahoma City, St. Louis and Kansas City as well as on the West Coast have identified Los Angeles gang members dealing drugs on their streets.
''What we're seeing is the beginning and the potential for a nationwide network of drug dealers,'' Ira Reiner, the Los Angeles County District Attorney, said today at the Kansas City conference. ''This cannot be handled on a local level. It is a national problem and must be dealt with that way.''
Some civil rights advocates caution that Seattle's tactic of stopping suspected gang members at airports could lead to improper arrests of youths who simply look like gang members. But there have been no civil rights challenges to any of the arrests so far, and many politicians from crack-infested neighborhoods welcome the additional muscle of the Federal Government, saying it has put the first real scare into the drug gangs. 'It Gets Their Attention'
''These guys used to get off the plane wearing their colors and flaunting this stuff,'' said Bill Modesitt, who heads a Federal Drug Enforcement Agency unit at the Seattle-Tacoma Airport. ''But now when we stop them and they find out they're facing a mandatory five years for five grams of crack, they can't believe it. It gets their attention.''
One defendant, Derrick Hargress, whom Los Angeles authorities call a prominent leader of the Crips gang in that city, is facing a 40-year term after pleading guilty to a variety of charges in Seattle. As part of a possible reduction in sentence, he has written a letter to fellow Crips members in Los Angeles, warning them against coming to the Northwest.
The Seattle approach is two-pronged. One part is the program at airport, train and bus stations, in which Federal agents rely on informers' tips and profiles of gang members to stop suspects as they enter the city. Those carrying drugs or who are wanted on warrants from other cities are arrested. The other part relies on turning over to the Federal authorities youths who have been arrested by the local police.
Gene Anderson, the United States Attorney here, first used racketeering statutes against the gangs. But he said those laws generally were too cumbersome and complicated for the swift form of justice needed as a deterrent. Instead, he has been using Federal drug possession and weapons laws, and a relatively new statute that makes it a felony to sell narcotics within 1,000 feet of a school.
Thus, for example, if a youth who is thought to be a gang member were arrested on a local drug charge near a school, Federal authorities would be notified so they could charge the suspect under the Federal statute.
In three months, 25 out-of-state gang members have been indicted by Federal grand juries in Seattle on weapons, drug and other charges. While the number is comparatively small, the deterrent effect could be far-reaching, officials say. As a result of their indictments - in some cases for violating new laws that have been seldom enforced at the street level - the defendants are facing sentences of up to 50 years in jail. Local Officials Are Frustrated
The authorities in Portland, Ore., say they plan to start some form of the Seattle program this month. They say their city does not have the jail space, the manpower or the range of local laws to combat gangs effectively.
''The frustration level is so great that people feel local government has completely failed them,'' said Charles Turner, the United States Attorney for Oregon. ''It's not the function of the Federal Government to prosecute street crime, but we can act as a general deterrent.''
He said a gang member arrested for selling drugs faces no more than 42 days in jail under Oregon law. And 50 percent of those who are arrested flee after posting bail, he said.
Under Federal law, a gang member selling cocaine faces a mandatory five-year term and a minimum of another five years if found carrying a gun. Also, Federal laws make it much easier to detain gang members without bail or to ask for a high detention bond. #60,000 Crips and Bloods ''All of a sudden, a person who had no fear of the law may be looking at 10 years jail time,'' Mr. Anderson said. Faced with a choice of such a penalty or turning Government informer, many gang members here are deciding to give information to Government prosecutors.
While hailing the three-month-old Seattle program, the United States Attorney in Los Angeles, Richard Bonner, warned that Federal resources are inadequate to begin a full Government attack in Los Angeles County, the home of most gangs in the West. The authorities estimate that two predominantly black youth gangs in the Los Angeles area, the Bloods and the Crips, have upwards of 60,000 members. On average, these machine gun-toting gangs commit about one murder a day.
The authorities say some of the gang members who carried their trade to other cities have been quite obvious about wearing the color of their criminal unit, and could be easily spotted. Typical signs include a certain type of tennis shoe, a blue or red scarf or handkerchief, gold jewelry and hand signals. Since the crackdown at the Seattle airport, some gang members have tried to to foil the airport agents by arriving in sports coats and ties.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>In something akin to scaling Mount Everest with a 50-pound rock strapped to one's back, the Buffalo Bills overcame a 32-point third-quarter Houston lead to beat the Oilers, 41-38, this afternoon in a wild American Football Conference playoff game. It was the greatest comeback in National Football League history.
A 32-yard field goal by kicker Steve Christie 3 minutes and 6 seconds into overtime here at Rich Stadium completed the Buffalo victory and a rally that surpassed one in a Dec. 7, 1980, game between San Francisco and New Orleans. In that game, the 49ers overcame a 28-point deficit to defeat the Saints, 38-35.
The previous best playoff comeback belonged to Detroit, which overcame a 20-point deficit to defeat the 49ers, 31-27, in 1957.
What the Bills did today was simply phenomenal, especially considering that they were playing without Jim Kelly, their starting quarterback, who was out with strained knee ligaments, and linebacker Cornelius Bennett, a key pass rusher.
In addition, star running back Thurman Thomas went out early in the third quarter, before the comeback started.
"Well, there was a lot of time left and there was a glimmer of hope, but it's about the same chance you have of winning the New York lottery," the Bills' coach, Marv Levy, said.
Oilers cornerback Cris Dishman said: "It was a big choke by us. Collapse is too nice a word. You guys can call it what you want, but it was a choke job."
Buffalo will play next at Pittsburgh on Saturday. In the other A.F.C. playoff game, San Diego will play at Miami on Sunday. The Bills kept alive their hopes of returning to a third straight Super Bowl.
Perhaps the most incredible coincidence about Buffalo's comeback was the fact that the Bills' quarterback, Frank Reich, starting in place of Kelly, was involved in the greatest comeback in college football, in 1984. As a senior quarterback for Maryland, Reich guided the Terrapins from a 31-0 deficit to a 42-40 victory over the University of Miami.
"Gale Gilbert came over to me at halftime and said you were part of something like this in college," Reich said, referring to the Bills' third-string quarterback. "There's no reason you can't be a part of it in the pros."
No reason, indeed. After throwing a pass that was intercepted by Houston safety Bubba McDowell, who returned the ball 58 yards for a touchdown to give the Oilers a 35-3 lead early in the third quarter, Reich settled down and completed 16 of his next 22 passes for 230 yards and 4 touchdowns.
About 5 minutes after the McDowell score, Kenny Davis went in for a Buffalo touchdown to make the score 35-10. Then, in a span of about 20 minutes over the third and fourth quarters, the Bills scored 28 more points -- all on touchdown passes by Reich.
Reich's performance and the Bills' comeback wiped out an impressive first-half showing by Oilers quarterback Warren Moon, who was making his first start since missing more than a month with a broken left arm. Moon completed 19 of 22 passes for 218 yards and four touchdowns in the first half. His second half was completely forgettable as he had two passes intercepted -- the last one in overtime after the Oilers had won the coin toss. It set up Christie's game-winning field goal.
Right after Christie's field goal, most of the 75,141 fans at Rich Stadium were screaming incoherently. The Buffalo players were hardly any better after they reached their locker room. The Houston players cursed their fate in recent playoff games.
"When we came into here at the end of the game, everybody was saying stuff and nobody could understand anything they were saying," said Bills center Kent Hull. "It took Coach Levy to come in and settle everybody down."
That euphoric disbelief lingered long after the game was over.
"I can't even describe it," said Bills receiver Andre Reed, whose three second-half touchdown catches took the team from an extreme long-shot chance (35-10) to a 3-point lead (38-35).
"It's beyond unbelievable. There are no words for it. We came into the second half down, 28-3. Then, we had to try to come back. We just had pride in ourselves and we weren't going to go down like that."
One of the big keys to the game for the Bills was the defensive adjustments that they made late in the second quarter. Buffalo started six defensive backs against Houston's run-and-shoot, four-wide-receiver offense. But they were playing a soft zone and Moon, who was getting no pressure from the Bills' pass rush, and his receivers were picking Buffalo apart.
Bills defensive coordinator Walt Corey decided to take out two defensive backs and put in two linebackers -- Shane Conlan and Marvcus Patton, to beef up the Bills' pass rush.
"I thought if this was going to be a physical game, we'd better get some physical people in the game," Corey said. "The people who were doing the scheme weren't as physical as the linebackers that we had doing it." Tough Words From the Top
It also didn't hurt that Corey and Levy had some harsh words for the team during halftime.
"After Lincoln's Gettysburg address at halftime, I think they got the message," Corey said.
The Bills' defense didn't take the field until halfway through the third quarter. By that time Buffalo's offense had scored two touchdowns -- one set up by a successful onside kick recovered by Christie -- and the Bills trailed, 35-17. This time, Buffalo's defense stopped the Oilers and forced Houston to punt for the first time in the game. The Bills scored another touchdown, on a 26-yard reception by Reed, to make the score 35-24.
On the Oilers' next possession, Moon's pass went off the hands of receiver Webster Slaughter and was intercepted by Bills cornerback Henry Jones at the Houston 38. Jones returned the ball 15 yards to the Oilers' 23. Four plays later, Reich hit Reed on an 18-yard touchdown pass to pull to 35-31.
Reed, who had eight catches for 136 yards, was running amok in the Oilers' secondary in the second half.
Reed nailed the Oilers once again, catching a 17-yard touchdown pass with 3:08 to play, giving the Bills a 38-35 lead -- their first lead of the afternoon.
The Oilers sent the game into overtime on a 26-yard field goal by kicker Al Del Greco with 12 seconds to play in regulation. But by then, fate had taken over and the Bills were poised to complete their comeback victory.
Early in overtime, Moon's pass intended for receiver Haywood Jeffires was intercepted by Bills cornerback Nate Odomes at the 37, and he returned the ball 2 yards. Then, a 15-yard face-mask penalty called against Jeffires on his tackle of Odomes put the Bills at the 20.
That was well within Christie's striking distance. Two plays later, he got his shot, and his 32-yard field goal was the exclamation point to an incredible Bills comeback.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>New York this year has probably heard more Cuban groups than it has in all the years since the Cuban revolution combined. In waltzes Paulito y Su Elite and wipes out the competition. At S.O.B.'s on Monday -- he'll be performing tonight as well -- the singer and his band started at an extraordinarily high level and stayed there for two hours. Most Cuban bands seem to have some sort of crisis of confidence in New York; Paulito came out and did what he does in Havana, performing dance music meant to make the Havana audiences -- part tourist, part prostitute, part average citizen -- lose what few inhibitions they have left.
Paulito is Havana's biggest star, and it's easy to hear why. His band works over the drive of three percussionists -- a bongosero, a congero and a drummer -- and the three of them drove the band with a rock-and-roll ferocity. At times the rest of the music seemed like wispy details laid over their rocking, incessant pulse. Like many of the newer Havana dance bands, Paulito's group knows how to cut away parts of the dance machine. Suddenly just the vocalists and the percussionists would play, or the bassist would stop. Then everything would start up again, each section -- the brasses, the rhythm players, the chorus, the two keyboards -- playing a role. At their best, which is virtually all the time, Paulito and his group are as good as any dance band working anywhere.
And he's a singer who not only knows how to improvise, but who also brings a whole set of his own melodies to the improvisation. Using a small, intense voice, he curved phrases, bent notes and improvised about the crowd, talking about El Duque -- the Yankee pitcher Orlando Hernandez -- who was in attendance. Of all the Havana singers, he seems the most capable of breaking out of his insularity, and he stalked the stage, dancing and talking to the audience at S.O.B's (204 Varick Street, at Houston Street, South Village). He directed the band: every tune, formally complicated, went on a long trip, moving into quiet sections then bursting open, only to slow down and start up again. Dance music has its limitations, but late at night when the audience and the band reach transcendence, the limitations melt away, leaving only the sense of a community elevated, if just for a few hours.
POP REVIEW<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>When Maria Callas declined to reappear after an especially weak first act of ''Norma'' in Rome in 1958, the audience swelled forth like a pack of feral dogs ready to devour their heroine for disappointing them. So impassioned was their response that Callas's husband had to smuggle her out through a convenient underground tunnel that connected the opera house to their hotel in order to make an escape. Some accounts claim that she had been in poor health that night and simply could not continue. Those who were less charitable believe she refused to continue because of the tepid applause after the first (and final) act. Such is the stuff of opera legend.
And now Luciano Pavarotti has made his own contribution to the annals of opera lore by missing what would have been his last stage performances at the Met. The New York Post ran the news on the front page with the banner headline ''Fat Man Won't Sing.'' Reports proliferated: he had the flu; he was holed up in his apartment on Central Park South cooking a seven-pound chicken into soup. After canceling on Wednesday, he was said to be feeling better. It looked like he might indeed be there for Saturday's season-closing gala, but then, alas, the tide turned again at the last possible minute, leaving a crowd of disappointed fans, some of them in possession of tickets costing $1,875 apiece. For a moment, we were back in Italy in the 1950's. It was a beautiful thing.
Yes, it would have been lovely for everyone, especially Pavarotti, if the tenor had pulled together a respectable portrayal of Cavaradossi, taken a bow and called it a night. It is easy to imagine that the reviews the next day would have been patronizing, reminding us that no matter how well he sang, he had sung better years before when he had been younger, lighter, more disciplined. No doubt there would have been a great deal of reminiscing about that heart-stopping high C that had thrilled us for so long. But by not showing up and not apologizing for it, Pavarotti managed to land opera on the front page of the newspapers, as if his decision to stay in bed was on a par with the demise of Enron or Julia Roberts's boyfriend du jour. He made the size of his soup chicken newsworthy. He gave the profession he has so passionately devoted his life to a shot in the arm unparalleled since he showed up as one of the three tenors. Looking beyond the evening in question to the context of the larger art, this undelivered performance was more triumph than disappointment. Pavarotti, by making us realize how desperately we wanted him, managed the most operatic exit of them all.
He also gave a break to Salvatore Licitra that will be forever legendary. When Callas lost her voice or her good humor that night in Rome, there was no understudy to zip into her dress for the second act. The Met, on the other hand, had the good sense to get another Italian tenor on the Concorde to cover for Pavarotti in case the need arose. Licitra, who wasn't scheduled to make his Met debut until the 2004-5 season, proved himself to be up to the task and turned in a fine performance as the painter who must endure Tosca's jealousy, Scarpia's torture and finally his own execution. He received a standing ovation and enough good publicity to consider himself permanently launched. One doubts the world would have paid nearly so much attention were it not for the impressive set of shoes he was being asked to fill.
Did Licitra really sing Pavarotti's final performance in a staged opera, or will Pavarotti rally for another try? The art of walking away is mastered by very few people. Ali kept climbing back into the ring. Michael Jordan plays for the Wizards. Whether one needs the money or the fame may well be secondary to needing to do the thing that brought about a sense of self-definition. How, exactly, do we stop being ourselves? Callas kept showing up in ''Tosca,'' her voice shot, her acting brilliant. Pavarotti diminished still has a better voice than most tenors in their prime. At what point does he walk off the stage and say, ''It was a fine thing to sing but now, enough of that''? I suppose that's between him and the ticket-buying audience. If Pavarotti sings for too long, gives some bad performances, it will not undo his genius. That is ours, permanent, recorded. It is playing on my stereo at this very moment.
The fact is, we need opera. We especially need it now. It is an enormous, passionate, melodramatic affair that helps put the little business of our lives into perspective. The more dire things get these days, the more we look to comfort ourselves with facts, as if we might feel better if we had just a little more information. But CNN is not enough to live on. Opera, more than any other art form, has the sheer muscle and magnitude to pull us into another world, and while that world may be as fraught with heartache as our own, it is infinitely more gorgeous. Through voices like Pavarotti's, we are lifted up, temporarily transformed. Opera reminds us of the enormous beauty we are capable of, and if there's a good cathartic sob at the end, well, we probably needed that too.
THE WAY WE LIVE NOW: 6-2-02 Ann Patchett is the winner of this year's PEN/Faulkner Prize for her novel, ''Bel Canto.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>TO people who watch television in Connecticut -- and that's most people -- he's like the fly that keeps buzzing around until he seems like part of everyday life and you get the impression that you'd miss him if he flew away somewhere. Or maybe not.
His name is Bob.
Now you get it. He's the guy in the commercials, some 500 a week, over the state's network and cable stations, passionately telling, sometimes yelling, about the bargains at Bob's Discount Furniture. Again, and again and again, day and night, he appears, a skinny guy with a high-pitched voice extolling the virtues of living room sets or bedroom sets, usually ending with an invitation to ''Come on Down'' or exulting that he's ''Gotcha'' by the low prices and high quality.
The pitchman has become a celebrity of sorts. Wherever he goes, someone is sure to yell ''Hey, that's Bob,'' or sidle up and say, ''Hi Bob! '' as though they have been friends for years.
That's the public Bob. There is, however, another Bob. This Bob is quiet-spoken, self-effacing, reflective, a complete turnaround from the manic Television Bob. They do dress alike though: open shirt, pullover sweater, jeans, sneakers.
''I feel like a fraud sometimes,'' said the private Bob Kaufman. He was relaxing in one of the soft chairs in his Orange store and talking about his double identity. ''I am rather introverted,'' he said. ''People who know me say its amazing when they see me on TV.'' So why does he do the television commercials that force him to change from Introvert Bob to Extrovert Bob? It's simple; they work.
Bob's Discount Furniture was started modestly in 1991 with one store in Newington. The ''Come on Down'' and ''Gotcha'' commercials started in 1992, a disastrous year economically for Connecticut in general.
In the years since, in equally distressing economic times, more stores have been opened and now they total a dozen in Connecticut and two more in western Massachusetts. Last year, Bob's Discount Furniture was rated as the 63d largest furniture company in the nation.
The commercials that have fueled the remarkable growth are about as elemental as can be. They are written and produced by Bob and two others connected to the company, Stan Adelstein and Andy Bricker.
''It's not complicated,'' says Bob. Their studio is an upstairs room in the Manchester Bob's store. They set up an arrangement of furniture, use one camera, some lights, and Bob goes into action. That's it. Occasionally they go on location. A commercial featuring Bob with Carla Berube, a former UConn and now New England Blizzard basketball notable, was shot at East Catholic High School, also in Manchester.
Bob has no illusions about the artistic merits of the commercials but he defends them. ''Who is better to tell about products than someone who believes in them?'' he asks.
He acknowledges that the commercials get a mixed reaction. ''Some people love them and some people hate them. One time, a guy came up to me and I thought he was going to beat me up. 'I hate those ads,' he said, 'but I like you.' '' Bob says he thinks most people approve of him because of his sincerity about the products he is selling. ''If I had to fake it, I couldn't do it.''
He says he is not dismayed if some people reach for the clicker when he appears. ''We all watch too much television anyway,'' he says. Besides, there is much worse on the tube. ''I heard a statistic the other day that a kid by 18 has seen 18,000 murders on television.''
He also well knows that ''Come on Down,'' taken shamelessly from the television show ''The Price Is Right,'' is a cliche of cliches by now. ''I hope no one wants to put it on my tombstone.''
When he first decided to appear in the television commercials, one of the least enthusiastic people was his father, Leo Kaufman, who for decades had run an advertising agency in Hartford with many furniture accounts. '' 'Look at you,' he said. 'And you've got a voice that sounds like chalk on chalk.' '' Today, Leo likes to accompany Bob when he is invited to speak on his career as an entrepreneur.
Bob Kaufman, who is now 45, grew up in West Hartford and was graduated from the University of Connecticut in l974 with a degree in marketing.
His first job was with Radio Shack in Groton. He enjoyed it, he said, but  something happened a few years later that was to change his life dramatically.
He was going to a meeting on his motorcycle when he noticed that the gas in one tank was almost depleted. He bent down to switch to the second tank, lost control, and crashed into a pole. His right leg was badly shattered and for a time in danger of being amputated. The leg is still partially paralyzed. He took months to recuperate and had to give up his job with Radio Shack.
He worked in other jobs, including a stint as a supervisor in a factory, but eventually decided to try something else. He had been sleeping on a waterbed, relatively new at the time, because it was supportive of his injured leg. So he became an entrepreneur, in waterbeds.
''I became the waterbed king,'' he says cheerily. He would lease space in stores to sell waterbeds with a proviso that the stores would be paid only when he had his profits. It was a no-risk deal for him and by the end of the 1980's, he had space in 24 stores in four states.
But the waterbed craze was ebbing in the early 1990's when Bob Kaufman and Gene Rosenberg, who had owned a chain of furniture stores and was considered an expert in special promotions, took over a building in Newington where a furniture store had gone into bankruptcy. The building, an early casualty of a growing state recession, became the first Bob's Discount Furniture store, with Mr. Rosenberg owning two-thirds of the business and Bob one-third under an agreement that still exists.
The recession actually helped the business, Bob says today. ''As we got successful, we started to get calls from owners of buildings that were vacant because other stores had gone bankrupt. They wanted to fill them up. The second store was in Windsor, then Middletown, then Willimantic'' and so on.
As the chain has expanded, the stores have became fancier, and more dignified: arrangements of furniture in tasteful patterns, coffee for patrons to sip, freshly baked cookies, huge jars of candies for children.
Bob says he is always amused at the reaction to the stores from people who have seen his antics on television. It's a different world. ''We don't pressure anybody,'' he said. ''We don't have markdown sales. If you buy something today it's the same price tomorrow. Our salespeople don't hover. Some people come in for lunch. We don't care. They'll be back.''
He is also amused by some of the more affluent people who come to his stores to shop but don't tell their neighbors. ''You'd be suprised at how many times someone in Avon or Farmington asks if we can deliver the furniture in an unmarked truck.''
At age 45, the off-camera Bob is a contented man. ''I think I'm the most blessed man in this state,'' he says.
In a way, his good fortune extends to the accident that nearly cost him a leg. ''Know where I'd be if is wasn't for the accident?'' he said. ''I'd still be at Radio Shack.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Odd species, we. The articles regarding the widening of Route 25A [''State Plans for Route 25A Meet Opposition'' and ''How the Towns View Changes to Route 25A,'' Oct. 5] highlight our inability to take responsibility for our own actions.
Merchants want more parking, local residents want less through traffic, travelers want wider lanes and  everybody is against smog and global warming. Isn't it interesting that  nobody offers to get out of their cars!  We even drive to meetings to protest the expansion of roads!
Look at us. We travel in two-ton steel cages propelled by the burning  of fossil fuels to get our gluttonous posteriors to a gym so that we can  use electrically powered exercise equipment to burn off the fat we  accumulate by never using our own muscles to propel us from home to job or store.
While our climate is quite hospitable to walking and biking, the L.I.R.R. had to abandon Federal Istea-funded installation of bike lockers at train stations because not one town on Long Island expressed an interest. Aren't we absurd? My advice to everybody interviewed in your article is simple: stop whining and get a bike.
STEVEN LESSER  Great Neck<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD:
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3* Osicom Technologies Inc. (OTC)
Qtr to Oct 31
1989
1988
Sales
21,073,000
31,108,000
Net loss
375,000
1,988,000
9mo sales
66,417,000
78,957,000
Net loss
2,629,000
1,518,000
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3* Osicom Technologies Inc. (OTC)
Qtr to Oct 31
1989
1988
Sales
21,073,000
31,108,000
Net loss
375,000
1,988,000
9mo sales
66,417,000
78,957,000
Net loss
2,629,000
1,518,000<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Adrian Branch is a guard who is 6 feet 7 inches tall. The Knicks need a big guard. He has played for Pat Riley, the Knicks' new coach, and is familiar with his system. He even owns a championship ring, courtesy of the 1987 Los Angeles Lakers.
Advantage, Branch.
When Ernie Grunfeld, the Knicks' vice president of player personnel, was putting together a roster stacked with players of athletic ability and speed for the rookie and free-agent camp currently in progess here at the SUNY campus, the call went out to the 27-year-old Branch.
"It was all out of the blue," Branch said after today's practice. "I was hitting hard and heavy with some European teams, just trying to extend my career. All of a sudden, my representative, Jay Bell, said the Knicks were extending an invitation to the camp. So I said I'll come here and compete." Nothing New to Branch
These camps are nothing new to the well-traveled Branch, the Chicago Bulls' 1985 second-round draft choice. Since being cut by the Bulls in training camp in his rookie season, he has played for the Nets, Portland Trail Blazers and Minnesota Timberwolves, as well as the Lakers, two Continental Basketball Association teams and last season for Monaco in the French League.
"This is my seventh camp and the streak goes on," said Branch with a smile. "I'm one of the oldest here. When I got here, I felt like an overdue rain check. But I felt I had something to prove. My game is the open court. I enjoy playing. I hope I can bring some intensity to the Knicks."
Riley, his first N.B.A. coach, likes what Branch has shown.
"Adrian had his moments," said the Knicks' new coach, recalling Branch's days with the Lakers when he averaged 4.3 points in 32 games.  "There are always a couple of games a year that a player whether he's in the rotation or not has to pay the rent. In other words, he has to contribute something. That was Adrian."
"He's more settled now. He used to play the game just wild, with reckless abandon. He's more in control now. I always liked Adrian. The reason we let him go was really a numbers problem more than anything else."
BASKETBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>DOOBIN-Leo. Age 79, of Charlotte, NC, formerly of Cedar Grove, NJ. Former general manager of Yonkers Raceway, past president of Monticello Raceway. Husband of Thelma, father of Stanley, Beth Blazek and the late Donald Doobin. Beloved grandfather of Brian, Sara, David and Michael. For time of services please call Robert Schoem's Menorah Chapel (201)843-9090.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Syrian troops clashed today with Lebanese Army units loyal to the Christian general, Michel Aoun, in the first such encounter since an Arab-brokered cease-fire last September ended six months of fighting between the two sides.
Syrian troops clashed today with Lebanese Army units loyal to the Christian general, Michel Aoun, in the first such encounter since an Arab-brokered cease-fire last September ended six months of fighting between the two sides.
The fighting, which witnesses said involved tanks and artillery and lasted nearly an hour, occurred at Madfun on the coastal highway some 30 miles north of here. The police said a number of people were wounded, but could not confirm reports by local radio stations that two Syrian soldiers were killed.
Syrian and Lebanese Army positions at Madfun are only about 300 feet apart. The confrontation line separates Syrian-controlled northern Lebanon from the 300-square-mile Christian enclave, which extends southward to East Beirut and eastward to the edge of the Bekaa Valley.
General Aoun has committed his forces to a ''war of liberation'' to evict the 50,000 Syrian troops who control two-thirds of Lebanese territory.
Distributing Leaflets
The artillery exchanges came as General Aoun urged his supporters to observe what he called a ''day of solidarity with the north in order to rid it of Syrian occupation.'' Witnesses said the violence was sparked when Lebanese soldiers stopped cars at their roadblock and began to distribute portraits of General Aoun and leaflets attacking the Syrian presence in Lebanon.
The General maintains he heads the only legitimate Government in Lebanon, and has closed two daily newspapers and a local news agency in the Christian enclave for defying his ban on identifying Elias Hrawi as head of state. Mr. Hrawi was elected President in November by the Lebanese Parliament, in which all the country's major groups are represented, but General Aoun has dismissed members of the Hrawi Administration as ''Syrian puppets.''
In what may have been another warning to the press, a reporter, George Hajj, was taken from his home in Christian East Beirut today by unknown gunmen dressed in civilian clothes. He was released unharmed a few hours later. No explanation was given for his brief abduction.
The Lebanese-Syrian fighting came as Syria's state-run press agency reported that the Soviet Union has reassured Damascus of unwavering support.
'Stable and Unchanging'
''The Soviet policy of support to Syria is stable and unchanging,'' a Soviet official was quoted as telling a Syrian delegation visiting Moscow.
Moscow lately has been going out of its way to reassert its solidarity with the Government of President Hafez al Assad after a spate of news reports and speculation that the Soviets were scaling down their military supplies and training to the Syrian armed forces.
Earlier this week, Alexander Zotov, Moscow's ambassador in Damascus, was quoted as saying Syria and his country had a ''special relationship'' and that the Soviets will continue to build the Arab country's defense capabilities. In remarks published in a daily which speaks for Syria's ruling party, he denied that Soviet military advisers were being recalled from Syria.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Jennifer Reid Hellman, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Michael M. Hellman of Lloyd Harbor, L.I., was married yesterday to Robert Neal Pomroy, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Robert A. Pomroy of Frederick, Md. The Rev. Carlton T. Lee, an Episcopal priest, officiated at St. John's Church in Cold Spring Harbor, L.I.
Mrs. Pomroy, 28, is an account executive at Liz Claiborne Inc. in New York. She graduated from Dartmouth College.
Her father is a financial consultant in Manhasset, L.I., with Merrill Lynch & Company. Her paternal grandfather, the late Dr. Louis M. Hellman, was the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Population Affairs and the administrator of the Health Services Administration in the Department of Health, Education and Welfare, under Presidents Richard M. Nixon and Gerald R. Ford.
Mr. Pomroy, 32, is known as Neal. He is a principal with Mercer Management Consulting Inc., a strategic consulting company in New York. He graduated summa cum laude from the University of Virginia and received an M.B.A. from Harvard University. His father is an owner of Aiken Advanced Systems, an electronics distributor in Alexandria, Va.
WEDDINGS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>An article on Sept. 9 about the Salem, Mass., witchcraft trials in 1692 misstated the cause of death of one of the defendants. None of them were stoned to death. One of them, Giles Corey, was pressed to death, a form of punishment reserved under old English law for those who refused to be put on trial or enter a plea. Such punishment was carried out by placing a load of iron or stones onto the chest, slowly crushing the defendant.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>FIDELITY INVESTMENTS, Boston, a unit of the FMR Corp., hired Matthew Sadler from the rival Charles Schwab Corp. to manage the company's Funds Network mutual fund service as a senior vice president.
STAPLES INC., Westborough, Mass., named Ronald L. Sargent to the new position of president of its North American operations. Two days earlier Staples announced that its president, Martin Hanaka, had resigned after being charged with assaulting a co-worker with whom he was accused of having an affair. The company also named John J. Mahoney executive vice president and chief administrative officer, and Joseph S. Vassalluzzo president for realty and development.
WHIRLPOOL CORP., Benton Harbor, Mich., appointed Paulo Periquito to head its Latin America operations as an executive vice president.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Re ''New Asteroid That May Threaten Earth Is Found'' (news article, Feb. 8):
I was relieved to read that the newly found asteroid hurtling through space was small enough that if it hit Earth it would ''probably not cause planetwide destruction.'' But the article did leave me wondering if we would have enough advance warning of the asteroid's place of impact to book a flight to the opposite side of the globe.
Would somebody please let me know when astronomers figure it out? I'll be lying in bed with my eyes wide open waiting for the ceiling to cave in.
JACOB KOSKOFF  Brooklyn, Feb. 9, 2000<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A chart on Aug. 27 listing the lowest air fares for popular routes omitted a flight between New York and Tel Aviv. T.W.A. offers a discount fare of $1,090, and an unrestricted fare of $1,970.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: WITH VCR'S RANKING high on countless Christmas lists, an appraising look at some recent models may be in order. Let's, for a change, not start at the top. Sure, it's nice to have the best picture and the latest features. But the latest advances in these respects add greatly to the cost. Viewers who simply want a reliable, basic V
WITH VCR'S RANKING high on countless Christmas lists, an appraising look at some recent models may be in order. Let's, for a change, not start at the top. Sure, it's nice to have the best picture and the latest features. But the latest advances in these respects add greatly to the cost. Viewers who simply want a reliable, basic VCR can save a good deal of money without sacrificing any really esssential functions by staying away from the leading edge of video technology.
In fact, when it comes to picture quality, the picture in the lowest price brackets (ranging from about $300 to $400 at list) will be just as good as in many VCR's costing twice as much. The difference between budget and midpriced models lies mostly in features like stereo hi-fi sound, ease of tuning and programming and such special effects as still frame and slow motion. To attain a picture noticeably superior to the generally satisfactory norm, it takes about $1,000 for a VCR equipped with the new Super-VHS circuitry. And to show the better picture, a TV monitor of commensurate quality is needed.
At the more affordable end of the price scale, VCR's generally dispense with stereo, and the sound, while adequate, makes no pretension to high fidelity. Most likely, even an economy model these days will offer certain conveniences, such as a wireless remote control and cable compatibility - i.e., being able to receive cable programs with a special hookup box -and advance programming for recording telecasts in the owner's absence. Excellent models of this kind include Akai's VS-220U-B ($329), JVC's HR-D210 ($399), Sylvania's VC8936 ($369) and the Zenith VRD100 ($400).
Viewers aiming above the level of minimal video may hanker for amenities like stereo hi-fi sound, random channel access (just punching in the desired channel number without having to scan up and down through all the intervening channels) or digitally improved still frames and slow motion, devoid of jitters and disturbing streaks. Such refinements can add about $200 to the price, but even so, some outstanding values can be found in this group.
An unusual approach has been taken by Sharp in its Model VC-D800U, which boasts digital circuitry capable of displaying still pictures from as many as nine different channels simultaneously on the screen. The idea is to let you know at a glance what's playing on different channels so you don't have to flip around between different channels to find out whatever looks interesting at the moment. It also permits the picture from a second program to be shown as an insert in a corner of the screen while the main viewing area is taken up with the principal program being watched. Two sports events can thus be displayed simultaneously in full motion, though the sound is confined to just one. Since all this is being offered for the relatively modest price of $600, some compromise had to be made. In this case, it was the sound that took the back seat. It's standard mono.
The designers of the Magnavox VR9664AT, priced at $499, took exactly the opposite route. They offer hi-fi stereo sound but forgo the digital image effects and multiple picture displays.
Models with both hi-fi stereo sound and digital image effects are far more expensive, as witness the Mitsubishi HS-422UR ($900), the Pioneer VH-900 ($1,100) and Toshiba's DX-7 ($850). Canon's VR-HF800, priced at $1,199, is perhaps the most sophisticated and versatile design in this class and features a new and easy way of programming described at the end of this article.
Recent innovations, such as Super-VHS and bar-code programming, are generally confined to the costlier models and may still be in short supply at present. So far, the most widely available model with Super-VHS comes from JVC, the company that developed the process and licenses all others employing this system. The JVC Model HR-7000U, priced at $1,200, was reviewed in this space on Nov. 1, and it was noted at that time that Super-VHS provides an instantly perceptible improvement in picture sharpness and color fidelity when viewed on a high-resolution monitor screen.
Another Super-VHS design just reaching the market is RCA's VPT-695HF, priced at $1,300. It has not yet been evaluated by this department, but its specifications make it clear that this is another model extending the outer limits of the technical frontier. Its digital ''multi-pix'' feature allows simultaneous sampling of programs on 12 channels, which may appeal to viewers able to concentrate on many things at the same time.
A more generally practical benefit is offered by Panasonic. Called bar-code programming, it simplifies programming the VCR for unattended recording by supplying a bar-code scanner like those used in some supermarkets to read coded labels electronically. In this instance, the scanner - resembling a fountain pen - is guided over a printed chart that spells out the day and the time of the broadcast to be recorded. All the viewer has to do is run the scanner across the appropriate places on the chart and the information is then transmitted to the VCR via an infrared beam - just as from a remote control.
For anyone who hates to punch in the program in the usual way - with the likelihood of confusion and error - the new bar-code method is a boon. It's available on several Panasonic models, including the PV-4764, priced at $1,000. Operating in Super-VHS with hi-fi stereo sound, it clearly ranks among the most advanced designs available today. The previously mentioned Canon VR-HF-800 also features bar-code programming, although it does not have Super-VHS circuitry.
Any brief survey of this type is unavoidably incomplete, and there are other commendable models. However, those listed here are unquestioned standouts in their class.
VIDEO<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>John Cirillo will leave as the senior vice president of communications at Madison Square Garden in two weeks.
The 41-year-old Cirillo, who spent 13 years at the Garden, has also run its boxing operations.
''There are some other things I'd like to do, and I needed to move on,'' he said. Cirillo said his departure was not tied to recent ownership changes at the Garden. ''It's an amicable situation, and they've been great to me,'' he said.
SPORTS PEOPLE: BOXING<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>AND what is milord's pleasure today? The Day-Glo turquoise Porsche 911 Carrera Coupe, with its bulging postmodern fenders, souped-up engine and gadgets to monitor the gadgets? Or the screaming-red Honda Acura NSX, with its fighter-jet cockpit, all-aluminum body and 21st-century engineering?
Such choices seem a throwback to an era when investment bankers roamed the earth in Lamborghinis and only hippies and plumbing contractors drove vans. But it's always nice to stay abreast of what's new and decadent, in case hedonism makes a comeback. Besides, it makes a change from all those car reviews focusing on cup holders, 5-mile-an-hour bumpers and ozone-friendly air-conditioning.
Start with the Porsche Carrera, a 32-year-old body design that has evolved just enough to remain the standard of comparison in upscale pocket rockets. All the expected techie stuff is here: anti-lock brakes, computerized traction control, dual air bags. And in the 1995 version, the venerable air-cooled six-cylinder engine has been given an extra jolt of testosterone -- enough to push the version with a six-speed standard transmission from zero to 60 in five seconds.
This Carrera does make a bow toward creature comfort, with lumbar adjustments to reduce back strain, filters for dust and pollen and a sound system with enough bass to simulate an earthquake. But the image masters back at the factory have taken pains to forestall comparisons with your brother-in-law's Lexus: The interior trim remains utilitarian, the air-cooled engine grates on the ear and the accelerator pedal is devilishly angled to maximize fatigue.
From the Porsche lover's perspective, of course, the implied sacrifice is all part of the ritual. Nor must you be a Porsche groupie to appreciate the virtues of this classic driving machine. The surge of power after a downshift into second gear is a serious turn-on. And the new rear suspension, plus larger front disk brakes, makes it the most maneuverable and predictable 911 ever -- a joy on the twisty, shoulderless roads of rural northwest Connecticut.
So how does the new 911 stack up against the Acura NSX? On paper, the two have much in common: 270-horsepower engines, acceleration times, braking capacity, traction control, safety equipment. But one short spin makes it clear that the NSX is aiming at a different, and higher, standard.
The NSX's leaner body and mid-engine placement leave barely enough room for driver and passenger. And by first appearances, the low-slung seats look like chiropractor bait.
But appearances deceive: The NSX is snug all right, but comfy-snug. The seats offer few adjustments, but wrap the driver in a soft leather cocoon. Once ensconced, the driver has a view to the front and sides that is uncannily clean; even the view to the rear, the bane of exotic sports cars that put sex appeal ahead of safety, is unobstructed. Switches and stalks are within inches of the adjustable steering column, and in classic Japanese style, they feel great to the touch.
Ergonomics alone do not a super car make. And in spite of the fact that the NSX has changed little since the car was introduced for the 1991 model year, it is the remarkable engineering that creates a driving experience like no other.
The short-throw gear lever on the five-speed standard moves effortlessly and precisely. The clutch hardly depresses, seemingly anticipating what you expect: Rank amateurs can downshift smoothly the first time, even at very high engine speeds.
Speaking of engine speeds: The NSX's power plant, a 3.0-liter beauty with ultralight titanium connecting rods and Honda's variable-valve timing that maximizes combustion efficiency under a wide range of driving conditions, is built to turn at 8,000 r.p.m. without complaint or even excessive wear. Indeed, it almost begs to run at full throttle, rewarding hard use with instant response and a whine reminiscent of a Formula One racing engine.
More impressive yet is the NSX's intangible feeling of oneness with the pavement. In hard turns, the wheels claw the asphalt like one of those old cartoon ads for Uniroyal Tiger Paws. And unlike virtually any other high-powered, rear-wheel-drive car, the NSX is forgiving. It shrugs off amateurish maneuvers -- the mistimed braking or panicky lift of the throttle in a curve that would send lesser cars into spins.
These impressions are heartfelt, if not entirely original: The guy's guys who review for the car magazines have been drooling over the NSX -- and labeling it a bargain at $70,000-plus -- ever since Honda added this jewel to the Acura line.
But in contrast to the less ambitious Porsche, of which 350,000 have been sold in various permutations since 1963, the NSX is proving a marketing nightmare. Sales numbered a mere two a day last year, roughly a tenth as many as Honda expected to build when it dedicated a special factory in Japan to assemble the best-handling, most comfortable, most reliable sports car in its class -- maybe in any class.
One explanation is that the NSX was introduced just as the car-as-collectible bubble was bursting. The first few hundred buyers, many of whom paid big premiums on the list price, were stuck with depreciated assets. And the aftertaste irrationally carried over to the NSX's reputation as machinery for having fun.
Another is tire wear: the NSX's high-performance tires are integrated with the suspension for precise handling, shortening their lives to 10,000 miles and sometimes less. Some regulators and consumer groups have made much of this, but it is hardly a scandal; the wear is easy to see, and replacements are not a big expense in the context of the maintenance costs of exotic sports cars. But it has proved an embarrassment for a company like Honda, whose reputation was built on set-it-and-forget-it reliability.
Actually, reputation -- more broadly, cultural misunderstanding -- may lie at the heart of the NSX's marketing problem. Honda apparently assumed that American buyers of upscale sports cars wanted all the pizazz of European exotics without the hassle. But the two experiences have apparently become intertwined; half the fun is in complaining about a car with a twitchy rear end and the difficulty of finding a mechanic in tune with its innards.
The NSX, it seems, is just too easy to drive and the joy of running it near the limit is too accessible to the uninitiated. Besides, who wants to have to explain to the Ferrari-owning cardiologist at the country club why you bought a $70,000 Honda?<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Expected to be completed by the fall, a $10 million classroom building will be the centerpiece of the Pace University School of Law campus at 78 North Broadway in White Plains.
The three-story 27,000-square-foot glass-and-stone building will house five horseshoe-shape classrooms, two of which will seat 100 students each, two with 60 seats and the last with 80, according to Dean Richard L. Ottinger.
The 80-seat classroom on the first floor will let students connect laptop computers to the Pace network from their desks. The other rooms will also have computer hookups and audio-visual equipment.
''These classrooms are designed for teaching the Socratic method, which is essential for a law school,'' Mr. Ottinger said. ''Students can interact with each other and, of course, with the teacher.''
The new building will allow the Law School to free other space, including a floor of a building that will be the new home of a law clinic, John Jay Legal Services Inc., and the Career Development Office. They have been situated in the library.
''As a result, we'll be able to expand the library by 6,000 square feet to allow for additional study rooms, a computer laboratory and offices,'' said Mr. Ottinger, a former eight-term member of Congress.
The new building will connect with two buildings, forming a quadrangle that will be the campus centerpiece, he said. The new building, designed by Lohan Associates of Chicago, ''will blend in with the existing buildings,'' Mr. Ottinger said, adding, ''The entire area will be landscaped and will replace a VIP parking area that's now taking up that space.''
In a survey of accredited law schools, the American Bar Association said Pace had outdated classrooms, according to Mr. Ottinger, ''and that we needed more space in our library.''
''The new classroom building solves both problems at once,'' he said.
The financing for the building is from a $55 million bond that the university secured last year from the State Dormitory Authority.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Just a few paces from the neat backyard where a black teen-ager was fatally shot last week by a white police officer, the Rev. Robert Merritt struggled today to inspire the unusually quiet congregation of the First Baptist Church of Teaneck.
Just a few paces from the neat backyard where a black teen-ager was fatally shot last week by a white police officer, the Rev. Robert Merritt struggled today to inspire the unusually quiet congregation of the First Baptist Church of Teaneck.
He strained to the tips of his toes, raised his hands heavenward and reminded his 250 listeners that in the same way Jesus did not fight his executioners, their response to the killing should avoid violence.
''I stood there on Teaneck Road, watching our young people throw barriers through windows,'' he said, recalling the melee on Wednesday night that left police cars smashed and many storefronts covered with plywood. ''The police department in this community were waiting for you to do it. They were expecting it. Why do you think they had that riot squad in here?''
He paused and added, ''But he who lives by the sword dies by the sword. Remember, Jesus didn't fight back.''
With a loud chorus of ''Amen!'' the congregation agreed.
Tonight, hundreds of people attended a wake for the dead youth, Phillip C. Pannell, 16 years old, at his family's church in nearby Englewood.
Ministers, rabbis and priests throughout Teaneck this weekend grappled with how to reconcile the celebration and ritual surrounding Easter and Passover with the anguish, grief and confusion their parishioners experienced in the aftermath of the shooting on Tuesday night, which left the community re-examining its image of tolerance.
The police and witnesses have given conflicting accounts of how the shooting death of Mr. Pannell took place, and confusing details that have come to light since then have been divisive, clerics say.
Many of them in their weekend services stressed the community's need to discuss the issue openly instead of trying to hide it.
''There are a number of people that feel they have been mistreated consistently by the police,'' Rabbi Ephraim Kanarfogel told Congregation Beth Aaron, an Orthodox synagogue on Queen Anne Road, during Saturday services. ''Whether that is so, our sensitivity to our neighbors requires that we as residents allow and support some form by which these problems can be discussed and addressed.''
Rabbi Allen Darnov reminded Congregation Beth Am during the Friday evening services that this township was one of the first predominantly white communities to introduce voluntary busing and to post ''not for sale'' signs on lawns to protest white flight.
''We like our self-image, and when image and orientation were shattered in that night of broken glass, we found that we could no longer trust our world view, and we sensed a loss,'' he said. ''It was and is a loss that grieves us like a death.''
Call to Make Image Reality
Rabbi Darnov told his congregation it was time to stop their self-pity and to mourn for Mr. Pannell, who was described by friends as alternately easygoing and rebellious. And he urged them to cast aside the image of Teaneck as an integrated, racially harmonious community and begin to work to make that image reality.
In an interview after the sermon, he said reaction to it was mixed. ''I heard a couple of gasps during the sermon, like how could you say that,'' he said. ''These are the kind of people who are still trying to protect their self-image and can't give it up.''
At the United Methodist Church of Teaneck, the Rev. Douglas W. Ruffle urged his congregation to make tangible efforts to bridge the gaps that he said had become apparent since Mr. Pannell's death.
He told about 60 listeners attending the early Easter service about meeting a black woman and her 10-year-old son at a Wednesday evening vigil after the shooting, before the rampage erupted.
Sharing Two Flames
He said their candle had blown out, and he relighted it from his. ''Later my candle blew out, and they shared their flame with me and lit my candle,'' he said. ''She knew, as only a mother can, that we need these acts of reconciliation that will speak louder than words.''
At the wake tonight for Mr. Pannell, many of his friends sat crying in the pews at the Community Baptist Church in Englewood.
The Rev. Al Sharpton, the lawyer Alton H. Maddox Jr. and Louis Farrakhan, leader of the Nation of Islam, attended the wake for about 15 minutes. They were preceded by more than 30 members of the Nation of Islam, who marched two by two to the front of the church on First Street and stood silently at attention.
People inside the church said later that soon after Mr. Maddox, Mr. Sharpton and Mr. Farrakhan entered the sanctuary, the Pannell family got up and left.
The 20-member Clergy Council of Teaneck, which represents the community's churches and synagogues, is organizing a task force to explore the causes of the shooting and draft proposals for the community. The council is sponsoring a memorial service scheduled for April 25, and members of the clergy plan to attend Mr. Pannell's funeral on Monday at the Community Baptist Church.
''This terrible tragedy that has beset our town, it's been coming a long time,'' said Mr. Merritt, an associate minister at Calvary Baptist Church in Garfield, N.J., who gave the sermon at the First Baptist Church in Teaneck today. ''This isn't something that just happened, although the actuality of it just happened.
''Our children have been crying out; now we must start listening to what they say,'' he added.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Because of an editing error, an article yesterday about the superlatives used by Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani to describe New York included an incorrect paraphrase. The Mayor said that around the world, New York City was often better known than America itself; he did not say the city was better known around the world than it is in America.
In some editions, the picture caption with the article misidentified the building shown on the Mayor's Christmas cards. It is City Hall, not Gracie Mansion.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>More than a half-century after his father helped City College win the 1950 National Invitation Tournament and the N.C.A.A. tournament, Dana Warner led the Beavers to the City University tournament title at Baruch College last night.
C.C.N.Y. (17-11) beat Baruch, 84-79, and advanced to the Division III tournament as Warner, with a game-high 24 points, was among five Beavers in double figures. His father, Ed, died last September.
Baruch, which finished 22-5, was led by John Alesi's 18 points.
In the women's final, two free throws by Jen Rogers with 2.4 seconds to go gave Hunter, the defending champion, a 64-63 victory over Staten Island, sending the Hawks (19-9) to the Division III tournament and ending a CUNY-record 17-game winning streak by the Dolphins (22-6). Rogers had 17 points and Jezel Rodriguez had 20 for Hunter, which won its fourth title in six seasons under Coach Jackee Meadow.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>For its final company premiere of the season, Dance Theater of Harlem chose "The River," a ballet in which the dancers looked splendidly at home on Friday night at the New York State Theater. "The River" was a collaboration between two masters in their respective fields. Duke Ellington was commissioned to write an original score; Alvin Ailey choreographed the work in 1970 for American Ballet Theater as part of the inaugural week of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts in Washington.
Over the years, however, "The River" has been revived only sporadically at Ballet Theater and the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater. Ailey's own company, which performed "The River" in December in New York, is a modern-dance troupe and its women do not execute the choreography in toe shoes as at Ballet Theater. Too balletic for the Ailey Company, "The River" was also too idiomatic in its jazzy flavor for some in Ballet Theater's original cast, notably the classical superstars Erik Bruhn and Natalia Makarova.
Dance Theater of Harlem finally strikes the right balance, with the toe work and classical body placement required by the choreography and the dramatic projection that now comes so naturally to its dancers. The company has yet to provide the technical polish of Ballet Theater, but once the dancers' carefulness gives way to security, this production (staged by Masazumi Chaya) may easily be the best of all.
The Ellington score, conducted by Leslie B. Dunner, has a symphonic grandeur that Ailey matched with a similar fusion of jazz and classicism in his inventiveness. For both music and dance here, water imagery is a metaphor for a life-giving source.
The ballet's cycle of birth and spiritual rebirth was symbolized in the first and last sections. In the first, "Spring," Robert Garland, the soloist dancing before a wedge of couples, was visibly the seeker in life, reaching out poignantly against an invisible wall.
At the end, "Two Cities" was danced to a hymn: Virginia Johnson and Lowell Smith were an alienated Adam and Eve in two separate spotlights until they found mutual solace. Intensely concentrated, both dancers expressed a great deal with a minimum of gesture. Now the company's senior principals, these are dancers that never fail to impress with the integrity of their performances.
A lighter mood colored the other sections. Tai Jimenez was cornered by Keith Saunders and Vince Collins in "Meander." Endalyn Taylor-Shellman and Calvin Shawn Landers were outstanding in "Giggling Rapids," catching the spirit of Ailey's ballet in-jokes with their polished dancing. Christina Johnson and Patrick Johnson, backed up by the ensemble, wended their way through the "Lake" love-in. The original choreography looked simplified in "Falls," a male quartet, and in "Vortex," in which Charmaine Hunter nonetheless whizzed around nicely. Tyrone Brooks thankfully made his character happy-go-luck rather than foolish in the comic "Riba." Chenault Spence and Christina Giannini recreated their original lighting and costumes, respectively.
On the same program, the rich and warm voice of Carolyn Sebron graced a repeat of Michael Smuin's "Songs of Mahler." John Taras's "Firebird" was led by a vibrant Judy Tyrus, with Augustus van Heerden as the Prince and Judith Rotardier as his Princess.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Sherman Douglas scored 8 of Syracuse's final 10 points and finished with 26 to help hold off Providence, 90-81, in a Big East Conference game tonight.
Sherman Douglas scored 8 of Syracuse's final 10 points and finished with 26 to help hold off Providence, 90-81, in a Big East Conference game tonight.
The Friars cut their deficit to 84-81 with 1 minute 51 seconds to play on a jumper by Delray Brooks. But Douglas scored on two fast-break layups, and Rony Seikaly and Howard Triche each added a free throw to give Syracuse its biggest lead.
Derrick Coleman finished with 22 points as Syracuse (22-4 over all and 10-3 in the conference) tied idle Pitt for first place. Douglas, who had 18 second-half points, also had 11 assists. The Friars, who were led by Ernie Lewis and Billy Donovan with 18 apiece, fell to 18-6 and 8-5.
Providence used a 13-2 spurt to take a 19-7 lead after five minutes. Providence made 6 of 13 attempts from 3-point field-goal range and led at halftime, 44-41.  INDIANA 72, MINNESOTA 70  BLOOMINGTON, Ind. (AP) -Dean Garrett, the center, made the last 6 points for second-ranked Indiana, all on free throws, including two with three seconds remaining. Indiana (22-2 over all) remained in first place in the Big Ten with a 13-1 record after its third consecutive close victory. Minnesota fell to 9-14 and 2-11.
Minnesota's Kim Zurcher tied the score at 70-70 with 1:25 to go, and the Gophers had a chance to go ahead after Steve Alford missed a 3-point attempt with 55 seconds left. A shot by Zurcher was blocked by Steve Eyl, but Alford again missed on a drive. Garrett got the rebound and was fouled by Willie Burton to set up the winning free throws.
Garrett had the winning basket with four seconds left in the third overtime last Monday in the 86-85 victory at Wisconsin. Indiana edged Northwestern, 77-75, last Wednesday.
Daryl Thomas led Indiana with 24 points.  TEMPLE 77  sT. bONAVENTURE 56  PHILADELPHIA (AP) - Howard Evans scored a game-high 20 points as fifth-ranked Temple clinched the Atlantic 10 Conference regular-season title. Temple extended its winning streak to 14 games, the longest Division-I streak in the country.
Temple (27-2, 16-0) played without its center, Ramon Rivas, who had an infected heel. A guard, Mike Vreeswyk, who had an ankle sprain, did not play until the second half and scored 6 points. Rob Lanier led St. Bonaventure (5-20, 3-13) with 15 points.  VILLANOVA 88, ST. JOSEPH'S 87  PHILADELPHIA (AP) - A free throw by Mark Plansky with 13 seconds left in the second overtime gave Villanova the victory in the Big Five game. A field goal by Kevin Baggett of St. Joseph's had tied the score at 87-87, but he was called for charging. Plansky then made the winning free throw. James Flint missed a jumper with four seconds to go, and St. Joseph's missed two tip-in attempts as time expired.
Harold Jensen had 23 points to lead Villanova (15-11), and Terone Thornton had 26 for St. Joseph's (15-9). St. Joseph's had only eight players available, because of injuries. Among the missing was their leading scorer and rebounder, Rodney Blake.  KANSAS 84, KANSAS ST. 67  LAWRENCE, Kan. (AP) - Danny Manning scored 33 points to help Kansas (20-7, 9-3) to its 48th consecutive home victory and sole possession of first place in the Big Eight Conference. The victory in the final home game of the season tied Oklahoma's league record for consecutive home victories. Kansas has not lost at home since Feb. 22, 1984. The streak is longest in Division I, but far from Kentucky's record of 129.  DUKE 66, N. CAROLINA ST. 50  DURHAM, N.C. (AP) - John Smith scored 13 points to lead Duke (21-5, 8-3) in the Atlantic Coast game. North Carolina State (14-13, 4-7) lost for the 10th time in 13 games.
COLLEGE BASKETBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The quarterback looks to pass. He is hit. Had his arm begun the throwing motion? Is it an incomplete pass or a fumble?
Was that interference or nifty coverage? Did this receiver have possession? Was that running back's knee down? Sure looked like a touchdown to me.
You read the play.
You make the call.
We all wait for instant replay.
And wait, and wait, and wait. . . .
These scenes occur in the National Football League each week, in each game. Most often -- through 155 games and 20,000 plays this season -- N.F.L. officials got the calls right. But too often, fans and coaches say, especially for a multibillion-dollar industry that is the most-watched and most-followed sport in the United States, they have not. Instant replay is designed to correct the flagrant mistakes. Often it does not work, either.
So, speculation continues that N.F.L. officiating has deteriorated. Officials are timid in making calls and have begun to rely on instant replay as the final word, not looking over their shoulders, mind you, but up at the replay booth for answers. They seem disorganized. They appear confused.
Others counter by saying that officiating is better today that it has ever been in the N.F.L. Speedy, 180-pound running backs who run 4.6 40-yard sprints are matched in today's game against 230-pound linebackers who can run faster and hit harder. The game is a violent blur, but officials are more prepared to keep pace through more study and better use of high-tech film. Sure, instant replay has its kinks, but it allows the attempt to get the call right on Sunday afternoon instead of repeatedly watching replays of a controversial, obviously incorrect call on Monday morning. Debate Heats Up
There was a crescendo in the debate recently when Dallas Cowboys Coach Jimmy Johnson blasted officials over several calls in his team's 22-9 loss to the Giants. It ran rampant in Kansas City two weeks ago when 10 seconds simply disappeared off the clock in the Chiefs-Broncos finish because of miscommunication from the referee to the timekeeper. Denver won, 24-20, and one Denver touchdown came on a John Elway pass on which he appeared to be over the line of scrimmage when he threw it. Replay officials said the tapes were inconclusive.
Paul Tagliabue, the N.F.L. commissioner, decided against fining Johnson because it was his first offense. Maybe Tagliabue saw the plays Johnson questioned, shuddered, agreed and tried to put the best face on it. Fans are still screaming in Kansas City. And in Dallas. In many other N.F.L. cities.
Jerry Seeman hears it. Seeman, an N.F.L. official from 1975 through 1991 and a referee for 12 of those years, who officiated in Super Bowls XXIII and XXV, replaced Art McNally after McNally retired as N.F.L. supervisor of officials last February. Seeman said his chief goal has been continual education for officials, to make sure they have the tools to do their jobs and to always seek perfection. Nobody's Perfect
"We will not always be perfect, but we will always be excellent in pursuit of perfection," Seeman said. "The idea that instant replay has made the officials tentative? I think that is a complete fallacy. The official reads the play and makes the call and it has nothing to do with replay. That is one fact about replay that has never been quite understood: The official's call cannot be overruled unless there is indisputable evidence. That's indisputable. So, how could someone say the official waits for replay?"
Easy. Possibly because he is timid and afraid of being embarrassed, overturned, overruled. Possibly because he was in the wrong position when he made the call and is unsure. We might ask an official about these theories, but we can't -- they are off limits during the season.
"I want to make this very clear," said Kansas City Coach Marty Schottenheimer. "There has never been a game that I have coached in the N.F.L. where officiating lost the game. My sense is that officiating is very much what it has always been. You have, by and large, a very capable group of officials who understand the rules and the application of the rules.
"My greatest difference is when rules are misapplied or when the mechanics, being in the right position, are missing. This does not happen a great deal but it does happen.
"We always have to make an attempt to improve the product, whether it be officiating or other parts of our game. I was one of the strongest advocates of instant replay. Now I am just as strong an advocate against it. The Elway play was a further indictment to me that replay does not work." The Human Element
Jim Finks, the New Orleans Saints' general manager and vice president and chairman of the league's competition committee, said: "Last week was an aberration. This is the time of the year, the last third of the season, when everyone is fighting for the playoffs and emotions are running high, that the officials and instant replay get bashed. Then when the season is over, everyone calms down reflects and says, 'Geez, officiating isn't that bad.'
"Judgment calls in this game will never go away. Quarterbacks shouldn't throw interceptions. They do. Running backs shouldn't fumble. They do. Officials shouldn't make mistakes. They do. The human element of the game is and always will be part of the game."
Seeman said officials' training is continually being upgraded. There are 107 officials that form 15 crews, 15 replay officials and 26 observers who monitor officials' work on Sundays and also scout college officials for new talent.
Meeting the N.F.L. standard has been a challenge. Their backgrounds and financial standing have been closely checked by security. They have received psychological testing and their interviews for the job last at least three hours. Each week they are graded by Seeman and his support staff and each week receive tapes of calls they made in a game, calls they should have made and a tape made by Seeman of various unusual plays and calls from the previous week's games. Weekly Exam
The officials who grade highest at season's end receive Super Bowl bids and the others with high grades receive work in the playoffs. All officiating jobs are part time and most officials work in education as teachers and coaches. For working in a regular-season game, an official makes from $650, if he is a rookie, to $2,500, if he is in his 20th year. He makes $7,000 for working in a playoff game, and $8,500 in the Super Bowl.
Referees report each Monday to Seeman's office to discuss their crew's work. A weekly rules exam is given to each official. On Saturdays before games, officials meet for three hours studying videos and before the game always meet with the timekeeper.
"During the week, each coach sends me an evaluation of his crew," Seeman said. "They can ask for any play to be evaluated and for more response. What we try to have is total communication going. Our biggest challenge is always improvement."  PRO FOOTBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: President Nicolae Ceausescu of Rumania has criticized his ruling Communist Party and called for a program to modernize the food industry and improve consumer distribution, the state-run press reported today.
President Nicolae Ceausescu of Rumania has criticized his ruling Communist Party and called for a program to modernize the food industry and improve consumer distribution, the state-run press reported today.
In recent weeks, Mr. Ceausescu has shown an increasing interest in improving the supply of food in Rumania, in what some people speculate is an attempt to appease the its citizens and avert the demands for changes sweeping the rest of Eastern Europe.
Mr. Ceausescu aimed the unusual criticism at the Communists in remarks on Friday at the first meeting of the Politburo since he was unanimously re-elected party leader last week at a party congress. At that congress, Mr. Ceausescu reaffirmed his opposition to more liberal policies. 'A Number of Problems
Mr. Ceausescu, who rigidly controls Government and party affairs in Rumania, acknowledged at the meeting Friday that ''a number of problems emerged in the area of trade and proper supplies to the population,'' the press agency said.
Under Mr. Ceausescu's centralized economy, Rumania, once the breadbasket of Eastern Europe, rations basic food staples like meat, white flour, cooking oil and bread. Fresh vegetables and fruit are scarce, even in spring and summer.
Mr. Ceausescu said a ''special program was required to modernize the food and light industries, to better organize the shopping network and to meet the comsumer demands,'' the agency reported. It added that Mr. Ceausescu said the shortages would be alleviated within two years.
Aiming his criticism at his party and its work, Mr. Ceausescu said the Politburo and the Central Committee must be improved. He said it was ''essential to strengthen the sense of responsibility, order and discipline for the firm application of the laws and the party decisions,'' the agency reported. Signs of Dissatisfaction
Mr. Ceausescu called on the party leadership to improve communication with local party leaders and not take any decision that has not been discussed ''with the whole party.''
Although Mr. Ceausescu was unanimously re-elected party leader, there have been signs of dissatisfaction within the party.
Rumania is a one-party state with no parliamentary opposition, and all important Government posts are held by Communists.
The Politburo also criticized economic shortcomings, including factories operating at a loss and failures to meet export quotas.
At the Politburo meeting, Mr. Ceausescu assumed responsibility for organizing an international conference of Communist parties ''as soon as possible.''
Mr. Ceausescu had proposed such a conference during the party congress, leading to speculation the hard-line leader could be seeking outside support in the face of the movements for change elsewhere in Eastern Europe, including Poland, Hungary, East Germany, Bulgaria and Czechoslovakia.
CLAMOR IN EUROPE<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>N.H.L. Oates Paces Bruins Adam Oates scored a pair of power-play goals within 47 seconds of the third period and assisted on the Bruins' two other goals yesterday afternoon as Boston beat the San Jose Sharks, 4-3, in Boston. Oates, third in National Hockey League scoring with 77 points, set up Ray Bourque and Joe Juneau for goals as San Jose lost its eighth consecutive game. (AP) Jets 8, Whalers 7: Evgeny Davydov's goal at 14:13 of the third period snapped a 7-7 tie and Phil Housley had a team record 5 assists as the Winnipeg Jets beat the Hartford Whalers in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, for their seventh straight victory. Trailing by 7-4 in the third period in front of 7,756 fans at the neutral-site game, the Jets rallied when Hartford's Mark Janssens received a five-minute major for boarding. Thomas Steen scored twice on the ensuing power play. (AP) SOCCER Finally, Some Referees Egypt and Angola played a scoreless tie yesterday in a World Cup qualifying game delayed a day because the game officials didn't arrive at the stadium in Luanda, Angola. (AP)<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>KRONLEY--Shirley. On September 8, 2003. Beloved wife of Samuel, for 63 years. Loving mother of Robert and Ann, and Michael and Rhonda. Adoring grandmother of Ali and Neal. Services in Delray Beach, FL.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>JATKOFF-Hyman. 76. Of Boynton Beach, FL., died July 15, 2002. Interment will be at Beth-El Cemetery in Paramus, N.J. Graveside services will be held on Thursday, July 18th at 10:30 A.M.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Seven years ago, with much fanfare, international health and development agencies unveiled the Roll Back Malaria campaign, which was supposed to cut malaria deaths in half by 2010. Yet progress has been worse than sluggish: there are actually indications that more people are suffering from malaria now than when the campaign started. This is simply unacceptable. We know what needs to be done to control malaria. What is lacking is the drive and resourcefulness to do it.
Malaria, a mosquito-borne disease, kills more than one million people a year, mostly children. It sickens hundreds of millions more, and imposes $12 billion a year in economic costs on sub-Saharan Africa, the hardest-hit region. After failed attempts to eradicate malaria, the emphasis today is on control, by spraying insecticides on interior walls and covering sleeping children with insecticide-treated mosquito nets, as well as using drugs to cure the disease.
These simple tactics work well, but incredibly, they are not being used at anything near the rate that has been promised. Five years ago African leaders resolved that by the end of 2005, at least 60 percent of the vulnerable populations would have insecticide-treated mosquito nets and appropriate medicines. The targets for nets have been reached only in a few selected areas. Otherwise, distribution is lagging and many of those who get the nets have not been taught to use them regularly.
Most shocking has been a reluctance to use the right drugs. For decades malaria fighters relied on chloroquine, a pill so cheap it is often popped like aspirin at the first sign of high fever. Unfortunately chloroquine and another standard drug have become ineffective in many parts of Africa. The best treatments are drug combinations whose core ingredient, artemisinin, a plant extract long used in Chinese herbal medicine, is buttressed by an additional medication. Such combination treatments work in the vast majority of cases and have yet to encounter resistance. But because they cost 10 to 20 times as much as the standard drugs, international agencies have been slow to change. Last year, an article in The Lancet, a British medical journal, accused the World Health Organization and Roll Back Malaria of medical malpractice for providing ineffective drugs to malaria victims. Only then did the effort to provide the new, effective drugs quicken.
Some 33 African countries have now officially adopted combination therapy, but only 11 have begun to roll out the drugs and only a few have done so nationally. While start-up financing is available, many African leaders are reluctant to commit to higher-cost drugs with no assurance that there will be money to continue purchasing them indefinitely.
This is not the fault of selfish pharmaceutical companies. Novartis, which makes the best of the combination drugs, is selling it at cost and has ramped up production greatly despite limited demand. The company will produce 30 million treatments this year but has received orders for only13 million. Nevertheless, it plans to produce 100 million treatments next year even without orders. Novartis should not be expected to take a huge loss for its corporate citizenship. The best and fairest way to get these drugs used would be to guarantee long-term purchases so that timid African leaders will consummate the switch, either to the Novartis product or other combination therapies.
International donors, though increasingly generous, still need to give more. Even with a big increase in financing through the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria, to which the United States is a hefty contributor, only about $600 million a year is currently available to meet needs estimated at $3 billion a year. Pledges of additional money from the United States, the Group of 8 industrial nations, the World Bank and programs financed by the Gates Foundation should swell the kitty. President Bush is to be commended for proposing to spend $1.2 billion over five years to fight malaria in 15 African countries, much of it for treated nets, indoor spraying and combination drugs.
But two worrisome problems remain. One is that international donors have a history of being more generous with pledges than with money. And even if the money comes, it has to be administered much more effectively than has been the case so far.
The Roll Back Malaria campaign, which was started by the World Health Organization and other United Nations agencies, has grown into an unwieldy partnership that includes nonprofit organizations, corporations, malaria-stricken countries and donor nations, including the United States. The campaign has been lambasted in medical journals for failing to move more aggressively, but no one seems accountable. Meanwhile, many African governments have not met their own promises for increasing health expenditures, and the United States Agency for International Development has come under scathing criticism from analysts who complain that it spends most of its money on consultants and technical help rather than needed materials.
After years of relative neglect, the war on malaria is finally getting the attention it deserves. But it desperately needs more effective leadership. With so many different players involved in a host of countries, perfect coordination will never be possible. But the core United Nations agencies that started Roll Back Malaria can be pushed for faster results. Kofi Annan should name a malaria czar, to apportion tasks and take the heat if goals are not met.
Editorial<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Arrest orders for three top paramilitary commanders, leaders of the right-wing United Self-Defense Forces of Colombia, an organization responsible for cocaine trafficking and mass murder, have been lifted until Dec. 15 so they can travel the country to coordinate the disarmament of 3,000 fighters as part of negotiations with President Alvaro Uribe's government. The plan is to demobilize the fighters by the end of the year, the first major step toward the eventual disarmament of 15,000. The safe-conduct passes were given to Salvatore Mancuso, who has been convicted in absentia for murder and is wanted in the United States for cocaine trafficking, and two other leaders, Ivan Roberto Duque and Ever Veloza, who is known as Hernan Hernandez.
Juan Forero (NYT)<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Your April 7 editorial about Columbia University doesn't address the real issue of the controversy: the threat to the integrity of the university by the intervention of organized outside agitators who are disrupting classes and programs for ideological purposes. These agitators pose a threat far more serious than anything Prof. Joseph Massad may or may not have done.
If university administrators and concerned citizens allow this behavior to continue, then the qualities that make American universities great -- free inquiry and academic freedom -- will be sacrificed to achieve an illusory calm.
Joan W. Scott  Princeton, N.J., April 7, 2005
The writer is chairwoman of the committee on academic freedom and tenure, American Association of University Professors.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Nearly half of the 25,000 automobile dealers in the United States are either losing money or just breaking even, and many may not survive until next year, the head of the National Auto Dealers Association said last week.
Nearly half of the 25,000 automobile dealers in the United States are either losing money or just breaking even, and many may not survive until next year, the head of the National Auto Dealers Association said last week.
Auto dealers reported that profit margins are sharply lower this year than last, Ron Tonkin, president of the dealers' group, , said at a news conference. He said a study by J. D. Power & Associates, an industry market research group, showed that the situation may be worse than the association's figures indicate.
Mr. Tonkin said as many as 2,000 dealers may not survive until next year.
He said the auto makers were partly responsible for the situation because they took away financial incentives that helped dealers reduce inventories. In addition, the auto makers have transferred many of their costs to dealers, Mr. Tonkin said.
Rebates have also hurt dealers, he said, adding that the auto companies should set stable prices and stop the costly incentive programs intended to attract buyers.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A man has been arrested in the killing of a Romar Tire Company employee found Wednesday morning bludgeoned to death, the Gloucester County prosecutor's office said yesterday. The man, Aaron T. Sheppard, 20, of Clayton, was arrested Wednesday and charged with first-degree murder, robbery and second-degree burglary in the death of Joseph J. Green. Prosecutors think Mr. Sheppard was trying to rob the store when he found Mr. Green, 52, of Audubon, sleeping there. Mr. Sheppard was held in $500,000 bail.
Hope Reeves (NYT)<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>An entry in the Addenda listing on the Media Business page yesterday about Ericsson and MetLife, which are reconsidering their ties to Young & Rubicam Advertising, referred imprecisely to remarks by Kevin Foley, a MetLife spokesman. While he commented on a report in Adweek, that said the company was beginning a review for its account, he did not confirm such a review.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3*Standex International Corp.  (NYSE)
Qtr to Dec 31
1993
1992
Sales
133,493,000
136,160,000
Net inc
7,087,000
6,613,000
Share earns
.46
.40
Shares outst
15,445,000
16,476,000
6mo sales
260,831,000
263,211,000
Net inc
13,397,000
12,117,000
Share earns
.87
.73
Shares outst
15,487,000
16,625,000<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The Princess of Wales took delivery of a new sports car today, raising a chorus of criticism over her choice of a German-made Mercedes.
Members of Parliament and union leaders said the Princess, who is 30 years old, should have stuck with her British-made Jaguar. She is the first member of the royal family in memory to use a foreign car.
"This decision by the Princess is at best insensitive and at worst deeply unpatriotic," said Jimmy Airlie, a negotiator with an engineering union.
The rumpus compounded the woes of Queen Elizabeth II, whose son and heir, Prince Charles, is husband to the Princess, Diana. As the Queen celebrates the 40th anniversary of her accession, she has been beset by demands that she pay taxes and by newspaper attacks on the antics of younger members of her family.
Buckingham Palace said the Princess's new metallic-red, two-seat Mercedes-Benz 500SL was worth $130,000 and was being leased "for her personal use." News reports said the Princess had sold her personal Jaguar XJS sports car, although she would continue to use an official Jaguar sedan.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Royal Philips Electronics said that it had struck a deal to supply Dell Computer with as much as $5 billion in computer parts over five years. As part of the agreement, Philips, the Dutch electronics manufacturer, will supply Dell with standard and flat-panel monitors, wireless connectivity equipment, storage devices and other components and Dell will become a preferred supplier of Philips. Earlier this week, Philips announced a deal with Nike to sell electronics equipment like CD players and digital music players bearing the names of both companies.
Chris Gaither (NYT)<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>For the second time ever, censorship of a high school newspaper in a Chicago suburb has led to calls for legislation protecting the rights of student journalists.
When the editors of The North Star at Naperville North High School tried to publish an article about a mathematics teacher who was fired after being charged with sexually assaulting a female student, the principal, Bruce Cameron, refused to let the article run. In his decision on Sept. 19, Mr. Cameron said he wanted to protect the feelings of the victim and her brother, both of whom still attend the school but were not identified in the article.
An incident three years ago involving Naperville North's sister school, Naperville Central, prompted a state legislator to introduce a bill restricting control of student publications. In that case, the principal told editors of the school newspaper that their article about administrators who had traveled at taxpayers' expense during a budget crisis could not include the names of the officials.
The bill, introduced by Mary Lou Cowlishaw, the state representative from Naperville, an affluent bedroom community west of Chicago, would have prevented administrators from censoring student publications unless they thought articles were libelous or obscene, invaded privacy or incited criminal activity.
The legislation passed the state House by a vote of 109 to 4 and passed the Senate 57 to 0. But Gov. Jim Edgar vetoed the bill.
The incident at Naperville North has reignited the debate, however, and has proponents of the bill thinking about overriding the veto.
Lobbyists for the bill have sent letters to members of the General Assembly asking how they would vote on an override, which requires a three-fifths vote, and, based on the support the first bill got, they are optimistic, Ms. Cowlishaw said .
''We could stand a little erosion and still have enough votes,'' she said. ''If we get the votes, we'll go for the override.''
Ms. Cowlishaw, a former journalist, must file a motion for the override by mid-October. The Illinois General Assembly would then vote on the motion in a session in the last week of October in which veto overrides are considered.
The editors of The North Star say their next move may be legal action to overrule the principal.
''Everyone has been talking about'' the teacher's dismissal, said Adrian Holovaty, co-editor of the newspaper. ''There were a lot of rumors out there that we wanted to clear up. We have a moral obligation to print the news in our school.''
But Dr. Cameron said he had other obligations to consider.
''I feel a responsibility to protect the welfare of all of our students,'' he said in a letter to the newspaper adviser. ''I am directing you to instruct your editors not to publish any type of story on the topic of teacher-student relationships that are of a personal level.''
After a meeting with Dr. Cameron,  the editors pleaded their case to the district superintendent but were unsuccessful there, too.
''The newspaper is part of the curriculum paid for by the district,'' said Michael Kiser, an assistant superintendent and legal counsel for the district. ''They were asking us to give financial support to contribute to a situation that would have harmed some of our students, and we couldn't do that.''
Nicole Innocenti, the other editor of the newspaper said, ''This is an issue of censorship now. I believe what we're doing is right and we can't stand by and take this.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>SMITH-Andrew. On November 1, 1997. Son of Richard and Penny; brother of Douglas Smith. Family will receive friends at the Bennett Funeral Home, 824 Scarsdale Avenue, Scarsdale, Tuesday 7-9, Wednesday 2-4 and 7-9 PM. Mass of Christian Burial, St. Pius X Church, Thursday 10 A.M.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Ikea, the home furnishings retailer, said yesterday that it was beginning a review for its account, with billings estimated at $40 million. Deutsch in New York, which has handled creative, media, direct marketing, interactive and other tasks for Ikea for 11 years, has decided not to take part.
Joakim Gip, marketing manager at Ikea North America in Plymouth Meeting, Pa., part of Ikea Svenska, said the company was seeking a ''revitalization of our communication program.'' Pile and Company in Boston will manage the review, and a decision is expected in December or January, he said.
Vonda LePage, a spokeswoman at Deutsch, said the agency would not participate in the review ''because we stand by the great strategic and creative work that we've done to help make Ikea a household name.'' The account helped Deutsch gain a reputation for unconventional approaches to prosaic product categories; one commercial, for instance, featured actors playing a gay male couple shopping for furniture in an Ikea store.
THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING -- ADDENDA<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Jake Kasdan, the writer and director of ''The TV Set,'' was also among the creators of ''Freaks and Geeks,'' one of those shows that drew a fatally small but unusually ardent audience. It may have been too smart for the medium, and Mr. Kasdan is thus perhaps ideally suited to making a knowing, behind-the-scenes sendup of network television. He has seen how it works and lived to tell the tale.
Show business satire is a tricky genre, at once too easy and too hard. The manners and mores of the Hollywood executive class -- the new-age management lingo, the smiling hostility, the mix of forced casualness and status anxiety -- all of this pretty much makes fun of itself. So do the neuroses of the various ''creatives,'' as actors, writers and directors are sometimes called.
The difficulty is to push past facile caricature and glib moralizing about art versus commerce into the murky machinery of the culture industry. ''The Player,'' Robert Altman's prescient 1992 poison-pen letter to the movie studios, accomplished this, as did ''The Larry Sanders Show.'' On a smaller scale, within a narrower compass, Mr. Kasdan's film comes close.
The hero, his angst hidden behind a heavy beard and a sardonic manner, is Mike (David Duchovny), who is making a pilot for a semi-autobiographical sitcom with some ''dark'' elements. He is supported -- which is to say undermined -- by his cheery manager (Judy Greer), who speaks almost entirely in industry cliches (''we're all on the same page,'' ''at the end of the day,'' etc.), and by two network production executives.
The big boss is Lenny, played with predatory abandon by Sigourney Weaver. Her underling, a new hire from the BBC uncomfortably relocated to Los Angeles, is Richard (Ioan Gruffudd), who seems sincere in his desire to be on Mike's side.
But an old adage says that once you can fake sincerity, everything else is easy. The challenge facing Mr. Kasdan and his cast is how to balance realism with comedy. One of the actors, a cretin named Zach (Fran Kranz), likes to babble about finding the right middle ground between broadness and nuance. (An amusing subplot involves his attempt to spark an on-set romance with his co-star, played by the delightful Lindsay Sloane).
Zach always errs on the side of broadness, and Mr. Kasdan clearly prefers to push in the other direction. At times ''The TV Set'' seems to unfold almost entirely without exaggeration. The jokes are things people shooting a pilot might actually say; the telling episodes of vanity or stupidity are entirely believable. The plot -- an original idea is in danger of being compromised and sanitized, with the reluctant participation of its creator -- is something that happens so often that it hardly even counts as a story.
Which is not to say that ''The TV Set'' quite follows the fake-documentary blueprint that has become nearly ubiquitous in movies and TV series about movies and television. It is simpler and more linear, and it might have worked as a pilot in its own right. The humor is threaded almost invisibly beneath the surface. Early on, we see Lenny standing in front of a schedule grid. Since some of the names on it belong to actual shows, you almost miss the ones that aren't, since they might as well be.
For example there is a show called ''Slut Wars.'' I chuckled when I noticed it, but then realized that I couldn't be sure it was a joke. When the show comes up again, it clearly is a joke, but only for the technical reason that it doesn't exist outside the movie. If it did -- when it does? -- it would be another sign of the decline of civilization. Or a huge hit. Or both.
''The TV Set'' is rated R (Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian). It has some profanity and sexual references.
The TV Set  Opens today in Manhattan.
Written and directed by Jake Kasdan; director of photography, Uta Brierewitz; edited by Tara Timpone; music by Michael Andrews; production designer, Jefferson Sage; produced by Aaron Ryder and Mr. Kasdan; released by ThinkFilm. Running time: 89 minutes.
WITH: David Duchovny (Mike Klein), Sigourney Weaver (Lenny), Ioan Gruffudd (Richard McCallister), Judy Greer (Alice), Fran Kranz (Zach Harper) and Lindsay Sloane (Laurel Simon).
FILM REVIEW<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>MAY DEPARTMENT STORES CO., St. Louis, named John Dunham executive vice president and chief financial officer.
NEW JERSEY STEEL CORP., Sayreville, N.J., a unit of Von Roll A.G., appointed Kenneth Leonard president and chief executive.
NEXTEL COMMUNICATIONS INC., Washington, appointed Steven Shindler chief financial officer.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3*Best Buy Co.  (NYSE)
Qtr to May 29
1993
1992
Revenue
441,919,000
246,481,000
Net inc
b1,091,000
1,244,000
Share earns
.09
.11
Shares outst
12,048,000
11,631,000
b-After a charge of $ 425,000 reflecting the cumulative effect of a change in accounting for income taxes according to SFAS 109.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Anheuser-Busch said yesterday that it was ending its promotion of Bud Pong, a game created by the brewery that is similar to a popular drinking game called beer pong but supposedly played with water. It said it notified distributors the promotion was over after executives found Bud Pong was being played improperly.
Francine I. Katz, vice president for communications and consumer affairs, said, ''Despite our explicit guidelines, there may have been instances where this promotion was not carried out in the manner it was intended.''
Anheuser-Busch executives had tried to distinguish Bud Pong from beer pong, a drinking game played on college campuses and in bars in which players toss or hit table tennis balls into cups of beer. The game usually involves chugging copious amounts of beer; when one team sinks a ball into a beer cup, the other team is required to drink the beer.
In an article Sunday in The New York Times, Ms. Katz said Bud Pong was different from beer pong because Bud Pong rules call for water to be used, not beer.
Anheuser-Busch began its Bud Pong campaign last summer and provided tables, balls and glasses to distributors in 47 markets, several in college towns. The distributors helped organize tournaments and, Ms. Katz said in an interview this month, Anheuser-Busch was considering expanding Bud Pong and trying to trademark the name.
Alcohol prevention experts criticize beer companies for trying to appeal to under-age drinkers, and yesterday Ms. Katz said, ''As a company that has invested more than $500 million to promote responsible consumption among adults and to discourage abuse, we believe it is important that our intentions with Bud Pong not be misperceived.''
Henry Wechsler, head of the College Alcohol Study at the Harvard School of Public Health, and a critic of Bud Pong, said: ''This was a tremendous gaffe on their part. Their posturing that they promote responsible drinking was hurt by this.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Why, it's all Japan's fault, barks Chrysler's chairman, Lee Iacocca. Fresh from President Bush's dismal trip to Tokyo, he insists that "We do not have idiots running General Motors, Ford and Chrysler, or our suppliers. And our workers are not lazy and stupid." Detroit has declined, he says, because of unfair Japanese trade practices and "insidious Japanese economic and political power within the United States."
These accusations are worse than wrong. They're reckless. For someone so well known to make them is to incite chauvinism, even xenophobia. Something
is
wrong in Detroit, and for Mr. Iacocca to blast Japan is to dodge his, and his industry's, shortcomings.
The next stage of irresponsibility will be new calls for protectionist legislation -- some has already been proposed by members of Congress from Michigan -- that would rescue Detroit by making U.S. customers pay more for cars, and by destroying jobs in U.S. export industries like agriculture and computers.
Mr. Iacocca is right that the problem is not inept workers. And he's right that Detroit's executives aren't stupid. It takes a plenty smart chairman to rake in millions in compensation for firing tens of thousands of his employees. The problems were, however, made in Detroit.
Overpaid executives and overweight unions took advantage of the years following World War II when foreign competitors were virtually nonexistent. When Volkswagen, Toyota and Honda surged, Detroit was left stumbling. The solution lies in making better cars in this country, not angrier excuses about Japan.
Detroit needs to sell more cars at home, where imports now claim a third of sales. Mr. Iacocca yells foul, contending that the quality of U.S. cars now equals Japanese makes. But even if U.S. quality is improving, Mr. Iacocca ignores something every consumer knows. Capitalist companies live and die on reputation.
For decades the Big Three poured out badly designed, badly engineered products. They squandered their own reputations; they will have to regain them by performance, over years, to convince a public burned by false promises.
Mr. Iacocca's accusations about Japanese trade barriers are equally defective. Sure, the Japanese system is hard to penetrate. But businesses like Motorola that try can succeed. U.S. auto companies have never really tried. They persist in trying to sell cars designed for Americans but ill suited for Japan, and fail to invest in factories and distribution networks that would make sales possible.
The Big Three certainly do know how to make cars that foreign buyers find attractive. G.M. and Ford do plenty of business producing cars in Europe that are tailored to local tastes.
Is it all Japan's fault? Another of President Bush's traveling companions came back with a different answer. Asked whether exporting more cars to Japan would alter his plans to cut 74,000 jobs in the U.S., he observed, "Those two are completely separate issues." His name is Robert Stempel and he's the chairman of General Motors.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Stephen Scott on Piano
Stephen Scott, Bradley's, 70 University Place, Manhattan, (212) 228-6440. Here's a chance to hear one of the more fluid young pianists working out on a decent piano. Stephen Scott knows the modern mainstream tradition as well as any young musician, and he is working with one of the best rhythm sections in jazz, the bassist Ray Drummond and the drummer Ben Riley. Sets tonight and tomorrow are at 10 P.M., midnight and 2 A.M. There is a $12 cover, plus an $8 minimum. Irma Thomas at Tramps
Irma Thomas, Tramps, 45 West 21st Street, Manhattan, (212) 727-7788. Irma Thomas, the great and understated soul singer from New Orleans, can get New York audiences waving handkerchiefs as if they were second-lining in New Orleans. She'll be closing a three-day Grammy-week engagement on Sunday night, joined by Charlie Musselwhite and Charles Brown. Tonight's show the blues and soul singer Mighty Sam McLean; tomorrow, Tracy Nelson returns, backed by the Uptown Horns. The cover is $10 for today and tomorrow, and $12.50 for Sunday. Sets start at 8 P.M.  Punta From Belize
Andy Palacio, S.O.B.'s, 204 Varick Street, Manhattan, (212) 243-4940. Punta, the black pop music from the Central American coast, is inching its way toward importance in the Caribbean. The music, shiny and modern on the surface, percolates and rocks over jumpy drumming that's only a few generations removed from ritual, and it's built for dancing. Andy Palacio, a singer from Belize, comes in tonight and tomorrow for sets at 11:30 P.M. and 1:30 A.M. The cover is $17.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>SUSSMAN-Samuel J., 88. Beloved husband of Ruth for 60 years. Adored father of Jeremy and Eric. Loving grandfather of Adam, Dana and Jesse. Before his retirement, he was a distinguished trial and appellate attorney. He gave many years of exemplary service to Central Synagogue in Rockville Centre. His generous spirit, kindness, leadership, wit and warmth will be sorely missed by all who loved him. Services will be held Thursday, May 13, at 2:PM at Gutterman's Inc, 175 Long Beach Road, Rockville Centre, N.Y.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Cantor Fitzgerald said yesterday that it had started distributing more than $45 million in bonuses to the families of employees lost in the World Trade Center attacks.
The first checks are going out this week to the families of employees whose compensation did not include sales commissions, the company said. Cantor has promised that bonuses for dead or missing workers who received commission income will be distributed at Thanksgiving, in advance of the traditional year-end bonus season on Wall Street.
''The staff has worked around the clock to meet these self-imposed deadlines,'' said Howard Lutnick, the chairman of Cantor Fitzgerald, a specialized bond trading firm, and its electronic trading subsidiaries, eSpeed and TradeSpark. ''We are committed to helping the families of our lost friends and co-workers.''
The announcement about the unusual posthumous bonuses demonstrated the firm's growing effort to be clear with the families of its lost employees.
By late September, some affected families had grown suspicious of Mr. Lutnick's tearful and widely televised promises of help -- especially after Sept. 15, when paychecks for the missing workers were halted. But in recent weeks, the firm has begun to flesh out its chairman's promises and communicate them clearly to the affected families.
Since Oct. 15, Mr. Lutnick has met with hundreds of families, explaining the company's benefit plan, advising them on other sources of aid and fielding questions that have been far less hostile than those he encountered weeks earlier.
''There was a very positive reaction,'' said Lisa Morales, who accompanied her late cousin's husband to an informational meeting this week on Staten Island. ''The benefits are extremely fair and extremely generous.''
Michael McLaughlin, whose brother Robert died in the disaster, attended a similar session on Oct. 16 in Greenwich, Conn., on his sister-in-law's behalf. ''I had heard some unfortunate things about the guy, but I was very impressed,'' Mr. McLaughlin said. ''It was a pretty good meeting, and I think they're being very fair.''
The first round of bonus checks will typically be equal to last year's bonus, plus any accumulated 2001 vacation time, but no family will receive less than $5,000, the company said. Checks are going to the families of some employees who would not have been eligible for the bonus pool if they had lived, including some who joined the firm on Sept. 10.
For the bonuses tied to commissions, the firm has had to reconstruct its records and calculate the distributions with the help of Deloitte & Touche, the independent accounting firm that audits its books.
Any outstanding stock options and 401(k) benefits for the lost workers have been fully vested. And about 85 percent of the insurance claims filed by the affected families have been paid, the company said.
For dead partners in the firm, Cantor made quarterly distributions to the estates on Oct. 15 through the law firm of Skadden Arps. It is not yet clear what the ultimate value of those partnership stakes will be.
In addition, Cantor has said it will allocate 25 percent of the firm's profits -- which senior partners say have typically been $140 million to $160 million a year -- over the next five years to the families of lost employees.
Some of that money will be used to provide free health insurance for 10 years to every family that needs it. The balance will be used, over time, to provide at least $100,000 to every family, according to the company.
''Of course, we know there are no guarantees,'' said Ms. Morales, whose cousin, Adriane Scibetta, left two young children. ''But it seemed clear to me that as long as Cantor Fitzgerald stands, the families will benefit.''
A charity founded by the firm, the Cantor Fitzgerald Relief Fund, is also making initial grants of $5,000 to each surviving family with one or more children.
The relief fund is also assisting the families of food service employees of the company that ran Cantor's company dining room, and a handful of other outsiders working on renovation projects at Cantor at the time of the attacks, a spokeswoman said.
A NATION CHALLENGED: COMPENSATION<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>FOR decades, companies have bought fine art at auctions or commissioned works by prestigious artists for their office buildings. But as art has climbed in price and spaces have grown in size, businesses have discovered another, less expensive option: made-to-order art.
One company that offers companies such art is Novo Arts, founded as an art consulting business about 30 years ago in Greenwich Village. In the late 1980's, when the art market was crashing, it began offering art customized for office spaces, produced by a gaggle of artists perched at easels in a studio. At the time, said Marlaina Deppe, founder and president of Novo Arts, ''corporate art budgets plummeted also, and painting had sort of fallen from fashion in favor of art that was less appropriate for businesses.''
''Another factor was that office spaces were becoming massive,'' she added.
One client, the pharmaceutical company Hoffman-LaRoche, had a 300,000-square-foot building in Nutley, N.J., and was seeking a number of 18-foot paintings. In a serendipitous moment, Ms. Deppe risked presenting a proposal for made-to-order artwork costing 25 percent of the projected cost of collecting or commissioning fine art.
''Hoffman-LaRoche had a project manager there who thought our concept was brilliant,'' said Ms. Deppe, an artist, art historian and public relations specialist.
Thus, the company's concept of manufacturing art was born. The studio evolved over many years as an informal branch of the company, enabling businesses to order art in bulk at a price that was right.
But Ms. Deppe said she did not promote the service formally until the economic downturn in the early part of this decade. By then, businesses that were loath to spend the equivalent of an employee's annual salary on a piece of art, but still wanted something nicer than framed posters, were eager to sign on. Now Novo Arts has 44 employees, with seven offices nationwide and one in Tokyo.
While the company continues to work as a consultant for businesses that have the budgets to collect fine art, the studio program has expanded from handling about a dozen projects at a time to about 240.
That keeps the two dozen artists busy. They are recruited through word of mouth and advertising in art magazines and Craigslist.
Recently, Ms. Deppe, who functions as an art director, wandered through Novo Arts' new Chelsea studio -- it also has a studio in Kent, N.Y., in Putnam County -- critiquing a rather Rubenesque painting of Lady Liberty produced by an enthusiastic young artist from Brooklyn.
''I don't know -- the large chest and the sway back, I think we need to rework that a bit,'' Ms. Deppe said.
''Yeah, it's the Statue of Liberty, not the Statue of Women's Liberation,'' joked the studio director, Paul Mulvaney.
The atmosphere in Novo Arts' studio is light and collaborative, but there is an assiduous attitude toward art production. Artists say they harbor few romantic illusions about what they are producing, with much of it revolving around corporate branding, but they do appreciate the creative challenges.
Recently, at the request of designers for Bank of America, artists worked around the clock trying to devise a technique to paint on glass without having to bake it, the typical method for making the paint last.
Novo Arts is now producing huge glass panels painted with Art Deco themes for a dozen floors of Bank of America's space in Rockefeller Center.
''Novo Arts can produce to any budget, which is one of the things that's really unusual about them,'' said Keith Rosen, a design director for Gensler, an international architecture and design firm that uses Novo Arts regularly and is handling the Bank of America project. ''Companies get unique pieces of artwork, not necessarily investment quality, but they're very well presented and geared to the project.''
About 80 percent of Novo Arts' business comes through referrals in the architectural and design business, Ms. Deppe said.
For instance, VNU Inc., the Dutch publishing and market research company, discovered Novo Arts when its chief executive saw custom artwork in another building. Over the course of several years, Novo Arts has produced about 285 artworks for VNU's approximately 600,000 square feet in a building in Greenwich Village, at a total cost of $760,000. To collect or commission equivalent art would have cost about $2 million to $3 million, Ms. Deppe said.
The pieces are oversized, funky and eclectic, except in the executive area, where representational paintings accentuate the soft colors of walls and columns. But the wildly inventive plays the biggest role, with mixed media images that include neon lights and ranks of textured tiles of playful images, from beach balls to bull herds.
''The art serves the purpose,'' said Karen LaPak, vice president for corporate real estate services at VNU. ''We're not spending a lot of money. It's colorful, unique and interesting. And they're good conversation pieces when people visit.''
Ms. Deppe says she has noticed that walls previously dedicated to art in various businesses have lately been usurped by plasma screens. Thus, Novo Arts, which recently added brochure and Web design to its services, has developed another ambitious new program: high-definition video art.
The company's first project was Chi Bar in the Sheraton Chicago hotel. There, a video screen presents a sequence of images of recognizable Chicago architecture and attractions with musical accompaniment. Since then, several more Novo Arts clients have been inspired to take the plunge into video art.
''Marlaina obviously stays ahead of the trends,'' said Richard Kielar, senior vice president at the Tishman Realty and Construction Company, which owns the Sheraton Chicago. ''She was able to get the video aspect of her business rolling with her artists, who are constantly out there and taking photos.''
Ms. Deppe says she hopes to offer a monthly ''pay per view'' service for clients with plasma screens. Novo Arts also provides art to companies on a lease-to-purchase basis and offers monumental sculpture and installations on a rotating basis to businesses.
''I remember Georgia O'Keeffe once said, 'I just want to make a beautiful thing,' '' Ms. Deppe said. ''Our policy is: Anything we make, if you're not 100 percent happy with it, you don't buy it. You have to love your painting.''
SQUARE FEET: BLUEPRINTS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Exhibiting the kind of steel backbone to be expected from someone resembling a 1-iron, Brett Ogle bounced back from a missed 2-foot putt and a drive that was lost in the sands of the Pacific beach to cruise to a three-shot victory today at the A.T.&.T. Pebble Beach National Pro-Am.
Ogle, a 28-year-old Australian who is a rookie on the PGA Tour, birdied three of the final six holes to pull away from Billy Ray Brown and earn the $225,000 first-place check and a vitally important first victory in the United States.
"Man, what this victory means to me is incredible," said the 6-foot-2-inch, 148-pound Ogle. "It sets me up for the next three years, fulfills my dream of playing in the Masters and allows me and my wife to buy a home in this country."
In only his second competitive round ever on Pebble Beach, Ogle shot a final-round 71 for a 72-hole total of 276, which was 12 under par. Brown, who began the day two shots behind Ogle, could only manage a 72 for 279. Greg Twiggs, Joey Sindelar and Trevor Dodds tied for third at 280.
Brown actually wrested the lead from Ogle on the eighth hole and again on the 11th, but bogeyed the 12th and 13th holes to lose contact. Ogle Is No Quitter
"Brett just kept on plugging," said Brown, who had his best finish since undergoing surgery on his left wrist last August. "He showed me that he has something inside of him that just doesn't want to quit."
Ogle had more to overcome than obscurity. In the second round, he three-putted from a foot away on his 17th hole of the day at Poppy Hills, and today at Pebble Beach, he missed another putt inside two feet for a par on the par-5 sixth hole. After taking the lead with a birdie on the ninth hole, he pushed his drive on the 10th onto the beach. A passerby picked the ball off the sand, forcing Ogle to drop another ball. When it became partially buried, he elected to take a one-stroke penalty and play from the fairway.
From that point, Ogle didn't miss a shot. After his drop, he hit a brave 5-iron over the cliffs to within seven feet of the hole. Although he missed the putt and fell into a tie for the lead, it sent a message to his playing partner, Brown. "That was an incredible shot," said the 29-year-old Texan of Ogle's 5-iron recovery. "I knew he wasn't scared."
Brown tried to apply pressure when he holed a 20-footer for a birdie on the par-4 11th to take the lead. But he gave it back when he failed to get up and down from over the green on the par-3 12th. Then, on the par-4 13th, Brown bogeyed again. Seize the Day
Ogle seized the moment with a 300-yard drive on 13, and a wedge to 10 feet of the pin. When he made the putt, he suddenly had a two-shot lead.
He extended it to three with a bold birdie on the 565-yard par-5 14th, where he blasted a 3-wood second shot into a front bunker in order to make his third shot easier to hold the rock-hard green. As planned, his spinning explosion landed within two feet of the hole.
Brown made one last run when he holed a 25-footer for a birdie on the 17th. But Ogle, who putts with an unorthodox cross-handed grip in which he holds his left forearm with his right hand, answered by draining a 20-footer for a birdie of his own.
After making a routine par on the 548-yard par-5 18th, Ogle's sharp features broke into a wide smile, and he bent down and kissed the green.
"I really feel like I have the game to succeed in America," said Ogle, who became a PGA Tour member by finishing first at the tour's qualifying school in December. "I feel like I should be over here playing with the best in the world. I've beaten the best before. They are beatable, and if you believe it, you can do it."  GOLF<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>When David Letterman is bugged about something, he doesn't let it go easily. He begins ''The Late Show With David Letterman Fifth Anniversary Special'' by noting that this special celebrates ''Five years on CBS or, if I had played my cards right, 17 years on NBC.''
One of his mordant running jokes on ''The Late Show'' involves these linked annoyances in his career: losing the NBC ''Tonight'' show job to Jay Leno, and, in the last couple of years, watching the CBS incarnation of his show struggle in the ratings as the network has floundered.
That joke calls attention to an immutable truth: in the late-night battle, there is a great divide between Jay people, who are an easygoing, don't-challenge-me sort, and Dave people, always ready for a barbed remark amid the silly, absurdist situations.
This special turns highlights of the last five years into 90 minutes with virtually no dull spots, and proves why Mr. Letterman is still consistently the best, funniest, sharpest late-night host.
The show includes a new Top 10 List prepared for the anniversary, with guests lining up to share ''Things I Always Wanted to Say to Dave.'' The list includes Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, Mia Farrow, Michael J. Fox and Puff Daddy, who continues the ragging on CBS by telling his host, ''Of all the old guys on '60 Minutes' you're my favorite.'' Jerry Seinfeld also turns up with some surprising news about Dave's mom, as viewers affectionately know his mother.
The funniest of the taped comedy bits features Mr. Letterman and Steve Martin in a home video capturing the tender moments, the lovers' spats, the frolicking on the beach of ''Dave and Steve's Gay Vacation.''
And a montage of interview snippets reveals how, with one wry glance at the camera, Mr. Letterman turns his guests' most bizarre behavior into humor. Watch for Farrah Fawcett's on-camera meltdown, Madonna's bleep-filled taunting, Drew Barrymore leaping on the desk and taking the term ''flash dance'' literally.
There are also reminders that contrary to Mr. Letterman's acerbic reputation, some of the hysterical moments on ''Late Show'' come from loony, benign comedy, like Mr. Letterman putting on Shaquille O'Neal's jacket.
Since he began losing to ''Tonight'' in the ratings, there have been nights when Mr. Letterman has not looked like a guy who enjoys his work much, leading his fans to fear he might call it quits sooner rather than later. This prime-time special reveals that a world without the Letterman show would be a world of extreme deprivation.
THE LATE SHOW FIFTH ANNIVERSARY SPECIAL  CBS, tonight at 9:30
TELEVISION REVIEW<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Re ''Money Troubles at Ground Zero'' (editorial, Oct. 8):
Larry Silverstein and his architects will be known as those who replaced the World Trade Center rather than those who rebuilt it. If they follow the master plan, they will wipe out the history and memories of those who died in the attack and of all of us who worked, visited and traveled there.
The long-term psychological damage to the greatest city in the world will go on forever. The site will always be referred to as ''that's where the World Trade Center used to be.''
The memorial should be placed on the top of new and stronger towers and be a quiet place for all of us to meditate, pray and show our respect. Life goes on. No one wants to walk by a cemetery or memorial at ground level on the way to work and shop.
JOHN PARIS  Atlanta, Oct. 9, 2003<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>COULD this be the global financial meltdown? Less than a week ago, it might have seemed preposterous to suggest that a 9 percent fall in the Shanghai stock exchange could jolt markets across the world, triggering declines in everything from European stocks to American corporate bonds.
Yet such unlikely chains of events have been known to occur. Less than 10 years ago, the devaluation of the Thai baht on July 2, 1997, triggered a wave of currency collapses across East Asia and beyond.
By December of that year, the currencies of Indonesia, Korea, Malaysia and the Philippines had depreciated by about 75 percent, on average. Then the ruble fell. The Russian government defaulted on its domestic debt. By the time the dust settled, Brazil had devalued the real, Turkey had devalued the lira and the Argentine peso had collapsed.
Economies contracted from Ecuador to Singapore. And the high-flying hedge fund Long Term Capital Management, which had borrowed heaps of money to make risky bets across the globe, was only saved from the brink through a bailout organized by the Federal Reserve.
''These panics can be set off by any number of things and spread in many wondrous ways,'' said Alan Blinder, an economist at Princeton University who was vice chairman of the Federal Reserve from 1994 to 1996. ''Every one of these is different.''
The world, of course, is a different place than it was in the late 1990s. Developing countries are in much better shape, mostly growing fast and running trade surpluses rather than deficits. Many have repaid much of their foreign debt. And they have piled up humongous reserves.
Moreover, despite a slowdown in the United States, the global economy appears to be doing swimmingly. Growth in Europe and Japan has picked up. The International Monetary Fund expects the world economy to grow around 5 percent in 2007, about the same pace as last year.
Even so, there are some dangers lurking, notably America's enormous trade deficit. But decisions by investors last week to dump risky assets like stocks in China or Brazil and instead buy safer bets like United States Treasury bonds actually makes it easier to finance America's shortfall.
Still, the financial commotion last week underscored the extent to which financial markets everywhere are propped up by the same shaky crutch that has played a prominent role in the events leading up to crises in the past: overconfidence. ''It was a bit of a wake-up call to investors about the risks out there,'' said Kristin J. Forbes, an economist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology who was on President Bush's Council of Economic Advisers from 2003 to 2005. ''Up to now investors had become too complacent about risk.''
Facing paltry yields on high quality assets like United States Treasury bonds, and diminishing returns on more stocks in industrial countries, investors have delved farther afield in pursuit of higher returns.
They rushed again into developing countries -- pouring more than $500 billion into ''emerging markets'' last year and a similar amount in 2005. At its peak on Feb. 8, the Bombay stock market index was 49 percent higher than a year earlier. The Mexican market index was up about 55 percent in the year at its peak on Feb. 21. Even after the crack on Tuesday, the Shanghai stock market index is still twice as high as it was a year ago.
Investors have also rushed to buy dicey assets closer to home, like corporate bonds with a relatively high risk of default.
Last year, even as the housing market started tottering, investors snapped up $483 billion in bonds backed by sub-prime mortgages issued to the riskiest borrowers. The year before they bought over $500 billion worth of the shaky paper.
And many large investors, from pension funds to hedge funds, have doubled up their risk-taking not only by making these bets with borrowed money, but by borrowing it in Japan, where short-term interest rates have been exceptionally low. This could expose them to abrupt losses were the dollar to fall against the yen.
The question is, how does this all unwind?
According to the benign scenario, which most economists are betting on, including Ms. Forbes and Mr. Blinder, last week's financial troubles will be short-lived -- merely an instance of investors recovering their sense of risk and pulling back from some of their crazier investments, but doing no harm to the real economy.
''So far the betting is this is more a healthy correction rather than a plunge,'' said William Cline, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics.
Still, crises move in mysterious ways. And there are plausible paths for the financial turbulence to worsen. As Ms. Forbes acknowledged, ''The crisis of the future never looks like the crisis of the past.''
Let's imagine, for instance, that one unlucky hedge fund borrowed oodles of yen to invest in sub-prime mortgage-backed bonds and Turkish debt.
Let's also say that the yen continued to rise, as it did last week, as more investors caught by the financial crunch sold their losing investments to buy yen in order to repay their Japanese borrowings.
Meanwhile, mortgage-backed bonds and Turkish debt continued to fall.
This could mean trouble for the hedge fund, which would find itself owing yen that were rising in value but owning assets that were falling in value.
That might mean trouble for the banks that lent it money. And if the hedge fund were forced into a fire sale of Turkish bonds, say because it needs more collateral to back up a loan, it could be a problem for Turkey, because the sudden flood of its bonds on the market would cause their prices to drop. And if the price of its bonds fell, Turkey would have a tougher time trying to raise the cash it needs to finance its current deficit.
If Turkey were to go
As Mr. Cline put it, ''these things are so predictable in hindsight.''
THE WORLD<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Gov. TOMMY THOMPSON of Wisconsin signed legislation yesterday that provides financial help from taxpayers for a new $250 million stadium for the Milwaukee Brewers.
The bill was signed at County Stadium's center-field parking lot, where the new stadium is to be built.
"Fifty years ago, the people of this community showed remarkable vision by building the baseball stadium behind me when they didn't even have a team," Thompson said. "We are here today demonstrating that same vision."
The measure creates a special stadium authority that would levy a sales-tax increase of one-tenth of 1 percent in Milwaukee, Racine, Waukesha, Ozaukee and Washington Counties. The tax would pay off $160 million in bonds issued to pay for the public's share of the cost of the stadium.
County Stadium was the original home of the Milwaukee Braves when they moved from Boston after the 1952 season. After the Braves left for Atlanta in 1966, the expansion franchise in Seattle moved to Wisconsin in 1970 and changed its nickname from Pilots to Brewers. AP  SPORTS PEOPLE: BASEBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Re your Nov. 3 Beijing Journal on cars replacing bicycles as the primary mode of transportation in that city: The economic think tanks can now start telling us how much these expensive (by local standards) vehicles have contributed to China's gross domestic product and hence to its economic development. To the man in the street, however, the quality of life is deteriorating. But who listens to him?
We live in an era in which people in the developing world have, as Mahatma Gandhi put it, development thrust upon them. The financial peril that the developing countries of the world are facing today has  its roots in this problem. The economic think tanks in the developed countries sell them the fast-food version of development, which fills the stomach but leaves a very upset one.
SHANKAR VISWANATHAN  Ridgefield Park, N.J., Nov. 3, 1998<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: The Inland Steel Company said yesterday that it had signed a long-awaited agreement with the Nippon Steel Corporation to establish a $400 million joint venture in the United States to make sheet steel for use in automobiles and other consumer products.
The Inland Steel Company said yesterday that it had signed a long-awaited agreement with the Nippon Steel Corporation to establish a $400 million joint venture in the United States to make sheet steel for use in automobiles and other consumer products.
Inland, the nation's fourth-largest steel company, would not disclose the location of the new continuous cold mill facility, but a company official said it would be built near South Bend, Ind. The company is expected to announce the plant's location this morning. Construction will take two and a half years.
Frank Luerssen, Inland's chairman, said his company would have a 60 percent stake in the joint venture, with Nippon, the world's largest steel company, holding the balance. The venture will be financed partly by the trading companies of Mitsui & Company, the Mitsubishi Corporation and the Nissho Iwal Corporation, which will handle the steel sales to Japanese automobile plants.
The agreement is considered to be significant, analysts say, because it establishes a state-of-the-art continuous cold mill facility in this country. Inland would use the technology developed by Nippon to produce the smooth, high-quality steel eagerly sought by Detroit's auto makers and Middle Western manufacturers of appliances and furniture. Major Advance in Processing
At a news conference in Chicago attended by Nippon's president, Yutaka Takeda, Mr. Luerssen said the plant would reduce ''from 12 days to less than one hour'' the processing time for sheet steel used in automobiles and other products.
''This will help us to attain a superior position in the market,'' Mr. Luerssen said. It will sharply increase productivity and ''will lower our manufacturing costs and increase our responsiveness to our customers,'' he said.
The new mill would have the capacity to produce about one million tons of the high-quality steel. Mr. Luerssen said the new plant would eliminate 500 to 600 jobs. However, he added that the furloughs might be partly offset by related job increases at the company's Indiana Habor Works, which will supply the hot band steel to be processed at the new plant.
Under the agreement, Inland would provide $90 and Nippon $60 million, with the other lenders providing the balance. 'Elated and Gratified'
Mr. Takeda said that officials of his company were ''elated and gratified'' at the signing of the agreement.
Mr. Luerssen, who said the project would give Inland ''enormous cost advantages over existing finishing mills,'' indicated that the joint venture's target customers would be Japanese auto makers establishing manufacturing plants in this country as well as the domestic car producers.
The plant will be patterned after a similar facility operated by Nippon in Hirohota, Japan, Inland said.
The two companies have been in negotiations for several years.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>SEAMANS--Peter Bosson, Sr. 80, of Marblehead, MA, suddenly in Antigua, West Indies, February 24, 2004. Son of the late Robert and Pauline Seamans; husband for nearly 58 years to Anne Lockwood Putnam Seamans; also survived by his five children. Relatives and friends are respectfully invited to attend his memorial services Tuesday, March 2 at 4:00PM in the Grace Episcopal Church, 385 Essex St., Salem, MA. At the family's request there are no visiting hours. Burial will be private. Instead of flowers, the family would prefer to ask that donations may be made to the Peabody Essex Museum, Attn: Susan Lawrence, East India Square, Salem, MA, 01970. For more information, contact the Murphy Funeral Home, 85 Federal St., Salem, MA., 978-744-0497, visit www. MurphyFuneralHome.com<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Strike the Gold, the winner of the Kentucky Derby, lost the early skirmishing for the big return match yesterday when he drew the outside post position for the Belmont Stakes while his chief rival, Hansel, winner of the Preakness, drew the fifth lane in the field of 11.
Even so, the track's oddsmaker installed Strike the Gold as the favorite at 5 to 2, with Hansel next at 3 to 1 for the mile-and-a-half race, the longest of the Triple Crown series. Next, at 6 to 1, came the Irish import, Smooth Performance, who was rated a good chance to duplicate the coup scored a year ago by Go and Go, another commuter from Ireland who snatched the $500,000 classic from American stars like Unbridled and Thirty-Six Red.
"The draw has a lot to do with it," conceded Nick Zito, the trainer of Strike the Gold. "And Hansel drew well. But I'm relaxed about it. Strike the Gold can run as long as he has to. He's bred to go all day long. We'll see the real Strike the Gold."
Zito was asked if the outside post position would ruin his strategy, which collapsed in the Preakness when Chris Antley got caught in heavy traffic and ran sixth.
"Drawing Post 11 means I'll give Antley one set of instructions," he said. "Take him back to last to take him to the rail. If he's going to make a big run late in the race, he's going to have to rest early in the race. If you stay outside when you start No. 11, you'll be out there by yourself."  New York's Busiest Weekend
The 123d running of the Belmont will be the centerpiece of New York's busiest weekend of racing. It will include four stakes tomorrow, starting with the $100,000 Colin Stakes at a mile and an eighth and the $100,000 Riva Ridge at seven furlongs, featuring the return of Fly So Free, the defeated Derby favorite.
The program kicks into high gear with the $500,000 Nassau County Handicap at a mile and an eighth, the fifth of 10 races in the American Championship Racing Series for senior handicap horses. This one will star Farma Way, who won two of the first four races in the series and is the favorite for this one at 8 to 5, and the two other winners, Jolie's Halo, next at 3 to 1, and Festin, third choice at 5 to 1. They are likely to continue the rivalry all summer.
Later in the day comes the Belmont, and on Sunday there is the Mother Goose at a mile and an eighth. The race is the second part of the Triple Crown for fillies, and this time pits the champion Meadow Star, winner of 10 races in 11 starts and never defeated by any filly, against the newest star of the division, Lite Light, who won the Kentucky Oaks by 10 lengths.
Extra intrigue always surrounds New York's racing classics because the state bans the drug Lasix, which is used to control bleeding in horses. Hansel has run on Lasix in his last five starts, including the Preakness. But his trainer, Frank Brothers, repeated his assurance that the problem was under control.
"We've monitored him since the Fountain of Youth back in Florida in February," Brothers said, "and all his tests have been good lately. He never did have a serious problem, anyway. And the cool weather helps."
More intrigue accompanied Smooth Performance on his flight from Ireland on Wednesday. The colt has never raced on dirt, but he is a son of the 1977 Triple Crown winner, Seattle Slew, and he has run in the money six times with three victories in nine starts in Europe.
In the Nassau County Handicap, the field reached 10 with the late addition of Ogden Mills Phipps's Rhythm, the champion 2-year-old colt in 1989 who turned into a 3-year-old mystery in 1990 and a 4-year-old bust this year with no victories in four starts. He will run as an entry with the Juddmonte Farms's Defensive Play because both are trained by Shug McGaughey, and they were rated at 10 to 1 by the track's oddsmaker.  Safely Kept Wins
The parade of stars at Belmont continued yesterday when Safely Kept, the champion sprinter of 1990, went wire to wire to win the $114,000 Genuine Risk Stakes by two lengths over Missy's Mirage. The winner carried high weight of 122 pounds, giving away as much as 13, but zipped the six furlongs in 1:10 flat and returned $2.40 for $2 as the 1-to-5 favorite in a field of just five fillies.
Safely Kept, owned by the Jayeff B. Stables and ridden by Craig Perret, hustled the quarter-mile in 22 1/5 seconds and the half-mile in 45 2/5, and was not threatened.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: * Mexico has agreed to reduce its oil exports to 1.3 million barrels a day, from 1.35 million, to help the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries hold down production and raise prices. Mexico is not an OPEC member. The Government said oil generated $4.7 billion between January and August, slightly more than half that earned by non-oil exports.
* Mexico has agreed to reduce its oil exports to 1.3 million barrels a day, from 1.35 million, to help the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries hold down production and raise prices. Mexico is not an OPEC member. The Government said oil generated $4.7 billion between January and August, slightly more than half that earned by non-oil exports.
* Israel's stock market in Tel Aviv was hit by a 24-hour strike by employees yesterday, and share trading was halted. Israeli news reports said the market was expected to reopen today. The strike was called after contract negotiations stalled over who would arbitrate a dispute about seniority benefits, the Haaretz daily said.
* Malaysia's largest commercial bank, Malayan Banking, plans to provide property and equities trust funds next year, the executive director, Ahmad Mohd Don, said. He said the property trust fund, to be started in June, would be managed by a subsidiary of the bank. Details of the equities fund are still being worked out. ''We have to develop new financial instruments to enlarge our base,'' he said.
* Uganda devalued its currency by 10 percent and raised fuel prices. The state-run Radio Uganda said the official rate of exchange had been raised to 165 shillings per dollar from 150. Finance Minister Crispus Kiyonga issued a statement announcing fuel price rises of up to 60 percent. Uganda implemented a much larger devaluation in July, when the official exchange rate was raised to 150 shillings a dollar from 60. Economists said the most recent devaluation was part of Government efforts to narrow the gap between official and black market exchange rates in accordance with an International Monetary Fund economic adjustment program. The dollar was changing hands at 495 to 500 shillings on Kampala's thriving black market before the devaluation was announced. Mr. Kiyonga said the economy had performed quite well since a first round of I.M.F.-prescribed measures were implemented in a budget in July.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3*Redman Industries(RDMN,NNM)
1st qtr to Jun 30
1995
1994
Sales
157,804,000
141,319,000
Net inc
6,058,000
4,972,000
Share earns
.84
.68
Shares outst
7,172,410
7,263,329<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>On the advice of a Federal advisory panel, Education Secretary Lamar Alexander today renewed Government approval of a college and university accrediting agency whose use of a cultural and racial diversity standard had been attacked as discriminatory.
Mr. Alexander notified the accrediting agency, the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools, that his recommendation for Federal recognition for four more years came largely as a result of changes the agency made in its diversity standard.
"On Dec. 13, 1991, Middle States' membership solved the problem insofar as I am concerned," Mr. Alexander wrote in his decision, by "clarifying that each school is free to define diversity for itself, and that the diversity standards are not mandatory conditions for accreditation." Agency Says No Change
The association's diversity standard first came under attack in March 1990, when the agency deferred the accreditation of Bernard M. Baruch College of the City University of New York, saying it had not done enough to hire minority faculty members or to retain minority students.
Two months after Baruch's deferral, the college was reaccredited after submitting a plan to address those concerns. But Mr. Alexander said he feared that the diversity standard could undermine academic freedom and might lead to quotas, and ordered an investigation by his staff.
The staff recommended that Middle States be renewed for one year instead of the standard five.
Members of Middle States say the agency never unilaterally imposed the diversity standard on its 509 members institutions, pointing out that member institutions themselves had decided, in 1988, that cultural diversity should be one standard used in judging academic excellence.
Middle States is one of six voluntary regional accrediting associations that use various standards, like the number of books in a college's libraries or the degrees held by faculty members, in deciding whether to grant or renew accreditation.
"We're absolutely delighted and eager to get this episode behind us," said Patricia A. McGuire, a member of Middle States and the president of Trinity College here in Washington. But she added, "The mandatory perception was a misinterpretation."
Under Federal law since 1952, an institution is not eligible to participate in Federal financial aid programs unless it is accredited by an agency recognized by the Secretary of Education, and students are ineligible for Federal aid if they attend unaccredited institutions.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>McCORMICK--Dr. Charles G., a psychologist in private practice who taught at The New School for Social Research in New York City for 47 years, died May 11th, at age 93 at his home in Manhattan. He was born in New York City. He is survived by his wife, Ella Hansen McCormick of Manhattan; a son, James of Winston-Salem, NC, and a daughter, Margot of Syracuse, NY.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>WAXMAN-Elsie. The Trustees and Staff of the Greater New York Chapter of the Crohn's and Colitis Foundation of America are deeply saddened by the passing of the mother of our esteemed Executive Director, Joan Telley. Our heartfelt condolences to Joan, her sister Susan, brother-in-law Allen, nephew Marc, and niece Stacy. Our loving thoughts are with you. Nancy Brown, President Judy Saphir, Chair of the Board<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Things go along and it's easy not to notice. But it is not so long ago that imported cars were peculiarly alien to the American hand.
There was a time, for instance, that Saab could fairly be called particularly Swedish, and I remember a review in a magazine of the early 70's that accused the company of building not cars but
Saabs
. Likewise, Alfa-Romeo was oddly Italian. The rake of the steering wheel was all wrong. The pedals were misplaced. Switches were backward.
Early Hondas looked a bit like football helmets. And if any of those imports qualified as really strange, it was the Peugeot, a vehicle that was especially . . . . well,
French.
Today, though, homogeneity is everywhere, and Peugeot is among the foreign makers whose products now are as American as an order of fries.
The company, which is a short step behind Mercedes-Benz as the world's second-oldest auto manufacturer, lays claim to being Europe's third-largest producer, and it must be doing something right. Its exports jumped 15 percent last year, and it is one of the few car companies whose profits have been rising in a sluggish market.
Peugeot brought its first cars to the United States in 1958, and it now offers its sedans and wagons through a network of 200 dealers. The lineup comes in two flavors, 405 and 505, and it must be said that the French folk have a nice alpha-numeric souffle in 1991's 405 Mi 16.
The Mi-etc. is a sport sedan motivated by a four-cylinder engine that uses 16 valves and the magic of electronics to pull 150 horsepower out of its tiny 1.9-liter displacement. The car has standard antilock brakes, front-wheel drive, a five- speed stick, and almost all of the goodies.
The one that's missing, unfortunately, is an air bag, and a buyer will have to contend with those infuriating mechanized seat belts, but that is a small price to pay when you consider what a wholly competent automobile this is.
Styling is by Pininfarina, and there is nothing new there, which is to say that the car looks the way Peugeots have looked for years. That is hardly a bad thing, of course, and the tester was a smooth white four-door with maroon-and-black interior, a wing across the trunk, and 15-inch alloy wheels. All of it aerodynamic, all of it very fast.
Inside, the Mi 16 has all the luxury equipment one could ask, including heated front seats, a power sunroof that flips as a vent or slides open, and there is a hidden pass-through from the trunk to accommodate skis. In the back, too, the windows go all the way down, a feature found in few of today's automobiles.
Up front, there is a large glovebox with twin cupholders, and the car has a good big ashtray for those who persist. Ahead of the black, leather- wrapped wheel, there is a 140-m.p.h. speedometer, and full gauges, including an 8,000-r.p.m. tachometer.
The Mi 16 also has the hardest clutch this side of a Corvette, and traffic makes you well aware that you are piloting some sporty machinery.
The suspension is taut but very smooth, and the unit body combines with the smooth shape to create a pleasant hush on the road.
Peugeot also is making much of safety these days, and the company has established its own "accidentology" laboratory to reprise and analyze actual crashes. Using police reports, hospital records and other documents, 8,000 accidents have been studied to evaluate structural damage and passenger injuries.
Outward vision has been improved, and the 405 has halogen lighting and a dash that is bathed in soft orange light at night. Glass is bonded to the body to increase structural rigidity, and the polypropylene fuel tank is placed ahead of the rear wheels for safety.
The tank holds 17.2 gallons of gas, and mileage is rated at 20 miles per gallon, city, and 28, highway. That makes the Mi 16 something of an economy car, although the sticker weighs in at $21,990.
These days, there's nothing very foreign about that, either.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Residues of a potentially cancer-causing drug that is used in some animal feed have been found in milk samples collected in 10 major American cities, officials of the Food and Drug Administration have reported.
Residues of a potentially cancer-causing drug that is used in some animal feed have been found in milk samples collected in 10 major American cities, officials of the Food and Drug Administration have reported.
A survey by the agency in the first week of March showed that the highest residues of the drug, sulfamethazine, were in milk samples in Brooklyn, Boston and Seattle.
Sulfamethazine is outlawed in the raising of milk-producing animals in the United States, but it is commonly used in pork production to prevent respiratory ailments in young pigs.
The drug has been found to cause cancer when fed in certain doses to mice and rats, and an intensive effort by Government and industry is under way to reduce residues of the drug in pork products. Levels Termed Low
Officials of the agency said most of the drug residue levels found in the milk were low and did not pose any health hazards, but a senior official said the agency was stepping up its milk testing to stop the illegal use of the drug in dairy cattle.
''It's an illegality, but probably not a health problem,'' said Dr. Gerald Guest, director of the agency's Center for Veterinary Medicine, who added, ''It shouldn't be there.''
Dr. Guest disclosed the findings at a meeting on Tuesday of the agency's Veterinary Medicine Advisory Committee.
Agency officials conducting the survey bought pasteurized whole milk from five grocery stores in each of the 10 cities.
Since there is no approved level of sulfamethazine residue in lactating cows, the drug agency does not have a tolerance level for sulfamethazine in milk. But agency officials were looking at 10 parts per billion as a benchmark level, Dr. Guest said.
Milk samples obtained from Seattle showed sulfamethazine levels from 2 to 40 parts per billion. Boston milk showed residue levels as high as 39 parts per billion, and Brooklyn samples showed levels up to 13 parts per billion.
The other cities surveyed were Baltimore, Atlanta, Dallas, Chicago, Kansas City, Mo., Denver and San Francisco.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3*Electrocom Automation Inc. (NYSE)
Qtr to Dec 31
1991
1990
Sales
92,707,000
78,157,000
Net inc
b4,744,000
b7,084,000
Share earns
.18
.26
Yr sales
306,467,000
155,264,000
Net inc
b18,020,000
b14,928,000
Share earns
.68
.56
b-Pro forma because the company operated as an S corporation until it went public in January 1992.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>UNTIL last year Nancy Hurd, a 41-year-old oncology nurse in Monterey, Calif., never imagined herself doing anything as athletically intimidating as a triathlon.
It wasn't that the mother of three is not athletic -- she enjoys skiing and hiking and she runs about nine miles a week -- but she had never taken her workouts very seriously. But after watching her oldest son compete in triathlons -- three-part races involving bicycling, swimming and running -- for four years in high school, Ms. Hurd decided she was tired of sitting on the sidelines.
''Part of it was that I was turning 40 that year and I was thinking the cross-training you do for triathlon is probably good for your body and also I thought it might be fun,'' she said. So she enrolled in five local weekend competitions over the course of 10 months, took a three-month course at a local junior college on running triathlons and bought ''The Triathlete's Training Bible'' to help her plan a training schedule. ''Now here I am doing triathlons,'' she said, one year and five races later. ''It's kind of funny.''
Ms. Hurd isn't alone. USA Triathlon, a triathlon-governing organization and a member federation of the United States Olympics Committee, reports that its membership has grown by 40 percent a year in the last two years. Companies that run amateur-level triathlons say their races are selling out faster than ever.
''Up to about 1994 we would occasionally sell out a race of about 1,000 participants, maybe in Cape Cod because it is a destination place,'' said Rich Havens, president of Time Out Productions, a company that runs triathlons in New England. ''But, knock on wood, the last four years I have sold out of every race in advance of the weekend.''
Brent Allen, the public relations manager for Tri-California, a company that sponsors the Jamba Juice Wildflower Triathlons at Lake San Antonio near San Simeon, Calif., also reported faster selling out rates. ''In 2002 we sold out of the Wildflower event, which had 7,000 spots, in three days,'' he said. ''This year, we added 1,000 more spots and it sold out in a day and a half.''
Triathons are still not as popular as marathons in the United States. In 2002 an estimated 330,000 people participated in marathons while an estimated 150,000 people competed in triathlons. Five years ago USA Triathlon sanctioned 500 events. In 2002 it sanctioned 900.
Triathletes attribute the growth of their sport to a number of factors. The triathlon was a medal sport in the Olympics for the first time in 2000, giving it more exposure. And would-be triathletes are learning that not every triathlon is as grueling as Ironman Hawaii, an annual televised competition in which competitors complete a 2.4-mile swim, a 112-mile bike ride and finish with a 26.2-mile run.
In fact, triathlons come in varying degrees of difficulty. The most popular form is the sprint, which has a half-mile swim, 12 to 18 miles of biking and a three-mile run; these usually can be completed in about an hour. The Olympic version is a .9-mile swim, 24.8-mile bike ride and a 6.2-mile run.
More serious athletes might then graduate to the half iron man (1.2 mile swim, 56 mile bike, 13.1 mile run), and those who are willing to really push themselves to see how far they can go will attempt an ironman. People who train for ironman races will often work out upward of 20 hours a week, but for the average triathlete the training for a sprint or Olympic triathlon is about 8 hours a week -- not that different from the training that people who go to the gym an hour a day will do anyway.
''It typically draws people who have been running,'' said Steve Kelley, USA Triathlon president for the New England region, which includes New York, ''so they are already spending five or six hours a week running or at the gym. They realize that once they adjust their training program to include the other two sports, it actually makes their workout more varied and fun.''
Joshua Gold, a triathlon trainer in Westchester County, N.Y., recently started a weekly triathlon class at Club Fit, a gym in Briarcliff Manor, to provide group training to triathletes. The 20 spots filled quickly with a diverse group ranging in age from early 30's to mid-60's and including a doctor, a chef, a policewoman, an accountant, a schoolteacher and a retiree who had recently hiked in the Himalayas.
''Some of these people had never done a triathlon before,'' he said. ''One woman took the class just to help her create a fitness schedule, others had done an ironman. It was a real mixed bag.''
TRIATHLONS  Grab Your Shoes, Swimsuit and Bike
HERE are some triathlon events around the country open to the public this year.
TRI THE COOKIE -- Bellingham, Wash., (504) 454-6561, www.trithecookie.com.  June 1.  Olympic: .9-mile swim, 24.8-mile bike, 6.2-mile run.
2003 DANSKIN WOMEN TRIATHLON SERIES -- Sacramento, Calif., (800) 452-9526, www.danskin.com, women only.  June 21 and 22.  Sprint: .5-mile swim, 12-mile bike, 3.1-mile run.
NEW YORK CITY TRIATHLON -- New York, (504) 454-6561, www.nyctri.com.  Aug. 10.  Olympic: .9-mile swim, 24.8-mile bike, 6.2-mile run.
THE MONSTER CHALLENGE -- Boston, (617) 472-0113, www.triboston.com.  Aug. 31.  Sprint: .5-mile swim, 12.4-mile bike, 3.1-mile run.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>First came "Entertaining" by Martha Stewart. Then "Martha Stewart's Quick Cook," "Martha Stewart's Hors D'Oeuvres," "Martha Stewart's Pies and Tarts," "Martha Stewart Weddings," "Martha Stewart's Quick Cook Menus" and "Martha Stewart's Christmas."
So how about Martha Stewart's multimedia buys?
Martha Stewart, the indefatigable author who is to home entertaining what Fred Astaire was to ballroom dancing, is expected to sign a 10-year contract this week with Time Warner Inc. that will make full use of Ms. Stewart's energy and Time Warner's vast multimedia resources.  Successful Test Issues
The newsstand sales over the last six months of two test issues of Martha Stewart Living were considered successful enough for Time Warner to make the magazine a permanent part of its stable. The magazine is full of features on little girls in organdy dresses hunting Easter eggs in topiary gardens; wild mushroom piroshki served on embossed antique china plates, and the pleasures of washing and ironing vintage linens.
Like Time Warner, advertisers and ad agencies think that anything having to do with home and family is a hot subject for the 1990's. Linda Jones, the director of marketing communications for Masco Home Furnishings, said Martha Stewart Living evoked the warm feelings that consumers want.
The Time Inc. Magazine Company will publish three more issues of Martha Stewart Living this year and turn it into an every-other-month publication in 1992. If demand warrants, the magazine will become a monthly.
The Idea of a Wheel
But it is just the beginning of what is in store for Martha fanatics.
"We've used the idea of a wheel in explaining this concept," said one Time Warner official, who declined to speak on the record until the contract was signed. "In the center is Martha and Time Warner management. The spokes of the wheel are magazines, television, videos, trade books and ancillary products like annual cookbooks or gardening books."
Not that these do not already exist. They just do not exist within Time Warner. More than two million copies of Ms. Stewart's books have been sold worldwide. Clarkson Potter, an imprint of the Crown Publishing Group, published "Entertaining" in 1982 and has put out seven other Martha books since then. A ninth, "Martha Stewart's Gardening," is about to be published with a first printing of 200,000 copies. Ms. Stewart's association with Time Warner would not affect her relationship with Clarkson Potter.
Crown Video, a division of Crown Publishing, has produced four different videos, entitled "Martha Stewart's Secrets for Entertaining."
A television special, "At Home With Martha Stewart This Christmas," which was produced by King World Productions and K Mart, has been shown on the Lifetime cable channel for the last two years.
And since 1987, Ms. Stewart has been a life-style and home-entertaining consultant for the K Mart Corporation and designed products for bed, bath, kitchen and tabletop.
Time Warner has already established a Martha Stewart connection with NBC. A weekly television spinoff of the magazine will be shown on the "'Today" show, beginning in July. In other words, Ms. Stewart might be photographed for the magazine for an everything-you-ever-wanted-to-know-about-grills-charcoals-and-sauces feature and then televised about the same subject by an NBC crew for "Today." show. A video might be done on the subject, too.
"What we are envisioning is shooting footage for the television segment and ultimately what we hope to be a full-length TV show that will help us create footage for 60-minute videos," the Time Warner official said.
The possibilities are endless. The deal is Time Warner's most ambitious attempt yet at presenting multi-media buys to advertisers at discounts. One model is Oxmoor House, the book-publishing arm of Southern Progress, which is owned by Time Warner. Oxmoor House has been successful in taking material out of such Southern Progress magazines as Southern Living and Cooking Light and turning it into books.
At this point, no one can even say what the revenues from the Martha Stewart advertising packages might be. Time Warner officials declined to discuss the financial details in the proposed contract.
So far, Martha Stewart Living has attracted such advertisers as Armstrong floors, Ford, Perrier, Kodak and Gorham dinnerware.
"There are advertisers who advertise in print and television, and it's neat to see this synergy work," said Amy Andrews, a vice president at the Saatchi & Saatchi ad agency. "But it takes time to make those types of packages happen."
A number of companies are trying to work out such packages. Last week, for instance, Black Entertainment Television announced its plans involving the use of cable television, magazines, videos and maybe radio.  Sales of 350,000 Copies
At the center of Time Warner's plans is the magazine itself. It is being positioned somewhere between fantasy magazines like House & Garden or Metropolitan Home and traditional women's service magazines like Good Housekeeping.
The first test issue of the magazine, which costs $3, sold 350,000 copies and preliminary figures appear to be about the same for the second issue.
Of course, the question remains: Is there such a thing as too much exposure? There may be a saturation point even for someone as effective as the glamorous Ms. Stewart, who has been both a model and stockbroker. But for the time being, Time Warner is betting that there is not.
THE MEDIA BUSINESS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>If Phil Mickelson could not win the United States Open, a good many New Yorkers seemed to want Colin Montgomerie to succeed. The good vibrations for Montgomerie, a recalcitrant Scot, started on the practice range before the final round Sunday when a few fans yelled in unison, ''Good luck Monty!''
Montgomerie, a European tour heavyweight who has never won in the United States, turned around and acknowledged the good cheer with a smile. The crowd was still very much behind Montgomerie when he reached the 18th hole tied with Mickelson for the lead at four-over par.
Their cheers would turn to groans when Montgomerie's second shot landed in deep rough short of the green. He chipped to 30 feet and then three putted for a double-bogey six and a final-round score of 71. He finished tied for second with Mickelson and Jim Furyk at six-over par. It was the 42-year-old Montgomerie's third runner-up finish at the Open. He was second in 1994 and 1997.
''You wonder sometimes why you put yourself through this,'' said Montgomerie, who was playing in his 100th tournament in the United States. He added, ''At my age, I've got to think positively. I'm 43 next week and it's nice I can come back to this tournament and do well again, and I look forward to coming back here again next year and try another U.S. Open disaster.''
Montgomerie then laughed, which seemed a sign that he is mellowing with age. So was the fact that he was more philosophical than frustrated when talking about another missed Open opportunity. ''This is the first time that I've really messed up,'' he said. ''Other chances I've had, other players have done very well.'' He added, ''That's O.K. You're entitled to a couple of mess-ups along the way.''
OGILVY LOST IN SIDESHOW -- Geoff Ogilvy had to win the United States Open to get any attention. He was paired in the final round with Ian Poulter, who showed up Sunday looking like a stick of Bazooka Bubble Gum. Poulter's pink shirt, pink pants and Pepto Bismol-pink golf bag elicited more reaction from the gallery on the front nine than Ogilvy's red numbers.
When Poulter and the 29-year-old Ogilvy arrived at the par-4 eighth green, a fan yelled to Poulter, ''Does your husband play?'' Poulter produced a quick retort that sent a wave of laughter through the greenside bunker. There was not so much as a shout-out for Ogilvy, who at that point was two-under-par for the day and the leader at one-over-par for the tournament.
It was like that on every hole, with The Pink Poulter being greeted by wolf whistles, smooching sounds and a version of ''The Pink Panther'' theme song. The crowd quips ran the gamut from the silly (''Poulter, nice pants. It's Father's Day, not Mother's Day.'' And, ''Where's your purse?'') to the supportive (''Go Ian: real men wear pink!''). Poulter's get-up was so colorful, nobody seemed to notice that Ogilvy was making a charge.
''It was almost like he was a little sideshow to Poulter,'' said Gus Seebeck, the general manager of the Australasian PGA Tour who followed the Ogilvy-Poulter group. ''Even after those two birdies, I didn't think he was getting necessarily any more attention from the crowds.''
A TEAM EFFORT -- Geoff Ogilvy has had the same caddie, Alastair Matheson, since he became a full-time member of the PGA Tour in 2001. After Ogilvy won the Match Play Championship in February, he said of Matheson, ''If he's not the best caddie in the world, then he's right up there.'' He added, ''He's got a better understanding of golf than I do.''
Their hale relationship appeared to hit a rough patch during Saturday's third round. On the par-5 12th, Matheson talked Ogilvy into laying up because the pin location made going for the green in two a low-risk play. Ogilvy did as Matheson said but did not seem happy about it. He made a par on that hole but made bogeys on the next two and looked visibly out of sorts.
Gus Seebeck said he asked Ogilvy about it after the round and Ogilvy told him he was not mad at Matheson, he was peeved at the pin placement. Whatever, Ogilvy and Matheson were clearly on the same wavelength Sunday, with Ogilvy deferring to Matheson whenever a question arose about club selection and distance.
WINNER STEALS THE HEADLINES -- Until Phil Mickelson's messy finish made Geoff Ogilvy the first Australian to win the United States Open in 25 years, the biggest sporting news Down Under was Australia's 2-0 loss Sunday to Brazil, the prohibitive favorite, at the World Cup. ''This is about the only thing in world sport that could knock Australia's World Cup game against Brazil off the front cover,'' Gus Seebeck said.
GOLF: NOTEBOOK<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>MORRIS-Dr. Joel J., on February 9, 1997. Beloved husband of Mary Lee (nee Keats). Devoted father of Danielle Keats Citron and Jeanine Keats Morris. Adored son of Blanche Morris. Cherished sonin-law of Louis S. Citron. Dear brother of Ronald A. Morris.
MORRIS-Dr. Joel. Beloved brother of our devoted member Ronald, husband of Mary Lee, father of Danielle and Jeanine, son of Blanche. May the family be comforted together with all the mourners of Zion. Mohegan Park Jewish Center<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
"Videophone: A Flop That Won't Die" (Forum, Jan. 12) questions the value of A.T.& T.'s Videophone when used for personal reasons. However, before it is dismissed as inconsequential, its potential value in medicine should not be overlooked. For the past two years, at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, research has been done using Visitel, a variation of A.T.& T.'s videophone manufactured by Mitsubishi.
Physicians use the telephone to communicate with patients. It has particular therapeutic value in psychiatry in the care of psychologically troubled patients who need additional verbal support beyond that provided by an office visit. It occurred to us that if visual contact could also be made, it would add an extra dimension to the verbal exchange. It could be a valuable support to patients undergoing psychotherapy who are too ill for a visit the psychiatrist or to those in isolation for a bone marrow transplant or for AIDS victims who need additional support.
Our study began with the distribution of 10 Visitels to homebound, isolated or preterminal patients. They have used this instrument to supplement psychotherapy. Nine reacted with enthusiasm. Psychiatrists may say to the patient: "You are not smiling today, why?" or "That's a nice hairdo and you're looking better." Personalizing the contact has also been valuable for nurses taking care of homebound patients with cancer. And those requiring bone marrow transplants, who must be left in isolation, sometimes for weeks, can send pictures of themselves to distantly-placed children or relatives and receive images in return. They say that is a boost to their morale.
The bad news is that Mitsubishi stopped making these instruments; they were not profitable.  WILLIAM G. CAHAN, M.D. JIMMIE HOLLAND, M.D.  New York, Jan. 14  The authors are senior attending surgeon and chief of psychiatry services, respectively, at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Eddie Griffin paced the sideline, fiddled with his new practice jersey and rubbed his goatee as if he had just grown it last week.
Later, he would say that he felt like a kid on his first day of school.
And that is exactly how Griffin appeared to his new coaches and teammates, who seemed to be expecting a weathered veteran, hardened by suspensions and criminal charges.
When Nets Coach Byron Scott walked into the practice facility Thursday, he took one look at the baby-faced Griffin and could not believe the contrasting image between the 21-year-old in front of him and the player he had heard so much about.
''When I first came out, I didn't know who he was,'' Scott said. ''I got a little closer and said, 'That's Eddie.' He just looked so young. I forgot he's only 21 years old.''
His age belies his past. Griffin is facing charges in Houston for felony assault and misdemeanor drug possession. He is accused of punching his girlfriend and firing a gun in her direction in October; he was charged with marijuana possession in April. He has two hearings Jan. 20 in Houston and is under a court-ordered curfew. Yet after the Rockets released Griffin last month, the Nets pursued him as if he were a prodigal son, and they embraced him as such Thursday.
After his first workout, Griffin said he had not played competitive basketball in almost three months, was only 60 percent to 70 percent in shape and would need a few weeks to regain full strength. The Nets are more optimistic. Scott indicated that Griffin would not have to go on the injured list, that he would be with the team starting Friday night in Philadelphia, and that he could play right away if necessary. Because the Nets do not want to rush him, he will probably not get into a game for at least a week.
For now, Griffin appears most concerned about meshing with a team whose personality runs counter to his own. Griffin is admittedly introverted and anxious, and the Nets are a raucous group. During his first practice, Griffin shyly introduced himself to his new teammates, and they loudly introduced themselves back.
Griffin underwent treatment for substance abuse and depression in Houston and Nets officials have been in contact with his doctors to arrange any additional treatment in New Jersey. But the team could play the most important role in Griffin's rehabilitation.
''We need to make sure this kid is taken care of on and off the court,'' Scott said. ''The guys were tremendously helpful talking to him and letting him know where to be. He's going to feel a connection because this team is behind him and we're going to take him under our wing. Basketball is the least of our worries with Eddie.''
Still, basketball is why they signed him to a guaranteed contract worth about $400,000, the league minimum, taking a chance on Griffin, a talented 6-foot-10 forward who punched a teammate in high school and another one at Seton Hall.
''We have to try to make him feel comfortable,'' said Kenyon Martin. ''I wanted to explain to him how we're always laughing. I think that will make him relax. Hopefully, we'll make it easier for him.''
PRO BASKETBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LIEBERFARB -- Daniel L. Dearest and beloved brother, brother-in-law, uncle and great-uncle to Eddie, Elaine, Ira, Linda, Barbara, Steve, Robert, Allison and Evan. His memory will always be in our hearts and he will be missed.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Because of an editing error, a theater review on Monday about ''Working,'' at the Signature Theater in Arlington, Va., included an erroneous credit for the artistic director, Eric D. Schaeffer. He was not associated with the original production in 1978; the composer, Stephen Schwartz, was.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>For months, restaurants in New York City seemed impervious to the bleak economic news, but recently their phenomenal double-digit growth in sales has come to a screeching halt.
The unluckiest have seen business drop as much as 30 percent, and the city's top restaurants, the places whose stature makes them the least vulnerable to a cooling economy, are starting to feel the chill. Even Jean Georges and its cafe Nougatine are down, according to their owner, Jean-Georges Vongerichten.
Gone are the $10,000 bottles of Bordeaux at Le Bernardin, the $4,000 dinners out of the wood-fired oven at Beacon. Now it's more modest dining, three courses of comfort food for $20 at the Metropolitan Hotel, and half-price wine with the pan-Latin fare at Chicama.
On the brink of the fall season, traditionally the time when lavish new places open and the luxury factor is pumped up on menus all over town, restaurateurs are instead worrying about filling tables in an oversaturated market. There are no splashy openings on the calendar, no new Ducasse on the horizon.
Even established restaurateurs are setting their sights lower. Danny Meyer, an owner of Eleven Madison Park and Union Square Cafe, is opening a barbecue restaurant. Drew Nieporent, an owner of Nobu and Tribeca Grill, is just sitting it out. ''We probably opened two restaurants a year for the last two years,'' he said. ''This year, I'm not opening any new stores.''
It's a sea change in a food-obsessed city. Diners who were willing to endure a three-month wait for a reservation just months ago are now being courted with free meals, discounts and solicitous service.
For almost a year, sales in restaurants across the country have been steadily declining. But New York, the country's premier restaurant city, seemed to buck the trend. No more.
Most restaurateurs are not panicking, and dining rooms appear to be bustling all over town. But a growing number of owners -- particularly of restaurants below the top tier -- are concerned enough to change the way they do business. They are revamping menus, lowering prices, offering special prix fixe meals, even instituting frequent-diner programs. Harder times for restaurants have meant, in many cases, better times for the clientele.
''At the very best restaurants it's easier to get in,'' said Tim Zagat, who owns the Zagat restaurant guide with his wife, Nina. ''They are politer at places like Nobu. Last year they didn't even pick up the phone. Those restaurants are a lot more accessible, but once you get there they are still full.''
Signs of a slowdown are everywhere. William Troy, the owner of Cascade Linen in Brooklyn, keeps a Dow Jones of napkin rentals that includes 18 of the restaurants his company services. His napkin index has seen a drop of 5.6 percent since the beginning of the year, mostly in the last three months. At DeBragga & Spitler, suppliers of top-quality meats, Marc Sarrazin, the owner, says business is down 7 to 8 percent.
Joseph Bastianich, an owner of two respected restaurants, Babbo and Esca, said wine distributors were calling him almost daily, trying to sell him premium wines that they rationed last year. At Dairyland, which sells specialty foods to 3,000 restaurants in New York, the owner, Christopher Pappas, said restaurants that usually pay weekly are taking 30 days to pay; monthly clients are taking 50 or 80 days and longer.
Steve Hanson, who owns midpriced restaurants including Ruby Foo's and Blue Water Grill, said he was getting calls from people who wanted him to buy their restaurants. ''I tell them that I buy only deeply discounted restaurants,'' he said, ''and they may want to call me back in a couple of months.''
The restaurant boom of the last 10 years appears to have produced a restaurant glut. Clark Wolf, a restaurant consultant, said New York was ''overbuilt and overhyped,'' and competition has become fierce.
''Whatever has happened in New York City has been exacerbated by the overabundance of restaurants,'' said Alan Stillman, chairman of the Smith & Wollensky Restaurant Group, which includes Manhattan Ocean Club and Park Avenue Cafe. Business is off 10 percent, Mr. Stillman said: ''We see it as horrible.''
Mr. Nieporent estimates that since 1995, 100,000 new restaurant seats for moderate to fine dining have become available in the city. ''There are going to be a lot of closings,'' he said. ''We hit a saturation point. We are not ready to start discounting, but we are watching very carefully.''
Adam D. Tihany, who designed some of the city's best-known restaurants, including Le Cirque 2000 and Jean Georges, says his New York business has nearly come to a halt. ''A lot of projects started to get canceled about one and a half years ago,'' he said. ''The only projects we have in New York are longer term. Now most of our projects are abroad.''
What is happening in New York reflects a national trend. The NPD Group, a market researcher, reports that the average American will eat out less this year than last, the first decline in 10 years.
Nationally, restaurant sales continue to rise, but at a slim 2.4 percent over the 12 months that ended on July 31, compared with 4.4 percent for the 12 months that ended on Jan. 31, according to Technomic Inc., a food consulting group. Part of that increase in dollar volume can be attributed to price increases.
An August survey of 450 restaurants by the National Restaurant Association reported that at 20 percent of them, customers are taking home more doggie bags than they did two years ago.
Scott W. Keller of DealAnalytics.com, a company that provides online research on mergers and acquisitions, said that restaurant acquisitions are ''extremely hard'' because of the slowdown in growth and a significant decline in profitability.
So far, the restaurants that seem most vulnerable are those in hotels, because of low occupancy rates, and those that are almost as expensive as the top restaurants. ''Expensive second-tier Midtown places, caught in the tightening of corporate budgets, are getting hurt,'' Mr. Zagat said. Small neighborhood places are doing well because they cost about as much as a meal eaten at home.
As businesses tighten their belts, there has also been a drop in the number of bookings for private dining rooms. At Remi, Mr. Tihany said, parties have been trimmed back or canceled. Mr. Sarrazin of DeBragga & Spitler said, ''It's chicken cutlet and salmon instead of steak.''
But at every level, restaurateurs say that it would have been difficult to match, much less better, last year's records, even if the economy had not faltered.
Wine is the first thing diners are spending less on. At Le Bernardin, the tables are still full, but sales of expensive wines have slowed to a trickle. Business is off about 5 percent at Jean Georges and Nougatine because diners are buying cheaper bottles and skipping the final cordial, Mr. Vongerichten said. The fringe hours before 6:30 and after 10 are not filling up the way they did last year, and the early part of the week is quiet. On Sundays, Mondays and Tuesdays, Douglas Rodriguez at Chicama plans to offer a 50 percent discount on wines. Mr. Rodriguez said his business was down 30 percent from last year.
At Patria, Andrew DiCataldo said that upscale Latin restaurant has repositioned itself to be ''more approachable'' and has instituted an all-day $10 bar menu. The Tribeca Grand Hotel is adding a finger food menu that offers smaller portions at lower prices. And there's that $20  dinner at the Metropolitan Hotel.
Other restaurateurs are concentrating on service. ''When you are extremely busy, all you can do is manage the reservation book,'' said Rocco DiSpirito, chef and owner of Union Pacific. ''When it isn't a 24-hour obsession, restaurateurs become sensitized. We've been focusing on the guest experience for six months now.''
After a slow six months, Waldy Malouf at Beacon mailed letters to his regular customers, asking them to come back as guests of the restaurant and to bring a guest. ''The mantra to the wait staff is to make the person want to come back,'' he said, ''to eliminate any sort of snobby New York feeling on the phone and to be much more accommodating at the front door.''
Rick Moonen, the owner and chef at Oceana, has chosen the sweat equity method for reducing costs, working more himself. He has also cut back on shifts so that his employees now have two days off at a time instead of one.
What fall holds depends on whether the prognosticator is an optimist or a pessimist. Most are like Mr. Hanson. ''I think it's going to get really bad,'' he said. ''Consumers are going into a panic, layoffs are just starting. People are in denial. It will start to hit right after September.''
Not everyone is predicting the worst. The few upscale Wall Street restaurants, like Bayard's and Vine, say they are thriving because there is so little competition. David Rockwell, who designed Nobu and Monkey Bar, said none of his New York projects have been canceled. Mr. Vongerichten is going ahead with his plans to open his Spice Market restaurant in Lower Manhattan. ''I haven't put anything on the back burner,'' he said.
And many more restaurateurs are hoping that by the holidays, diners will be as eager as ever.
''What was going on last year was ridiculous,'' Mr. Troy said. ''Some restaurants that were doing O.K. shouldn't have been in business at all. So we are getting back to reality.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Barry Bonds ambled into the outfield for the second inning today, tipped his cap to the standing Giants fans, then shrugged with an incredulous smile at two umpires standing nearby.
Bonds could not believe it either. But once again, able to create power on demand from his Popeye-sized biceps, he had just hit his 73rd home run when he flattened the flutter out of a 71-mile-an-hour knuckleball from Dodgers starter Dennis Springer. Bonds's home run plunged over the right-field wall 385 feet away in the first inning as chants of ''M.V.P.!'' escorted Bonds around the bases at Pacific Bell Park.
This was not a time to argue the point. It was a moment to savor a day when Bonds continued to top himself, to pile onto home run history and create a few more snapshots. With free agency looming, it may have been Bonds's last game in a Giants uniform. In his final at-bat of the season -- a popout to left field to complete a 2-for-4 performance in the Giants' 2-1 victory -- Bonds waved to the crowd as he walked down the dugout steps. Was this goodbye?
''I don't know my future,'' Bonds said. ''That's a situation I don't know what will happen.''
After all the marks he has made in San Francisco, it might be jarring to see Bonds in Yankee pinstripes, hitting at Shea Stadium or wearing an Orioles cap. But the sweet sentiment attached to these made-in-San Francisco glory days could vanish once Giants executives meet Bonds's agent, Scott Boras, to calculate the cost of keeping him.
During the last off-season, Boras brokered a $252 million deal for Alex Rodriguez in Texas. Bonds's career is obviously at a different stage than Rodriguez's. But even at 37, Bonds has proven an ability to defy the signs of age during his 15th major league season. Not only did he set the record for home runs, but he also broke Babe Ruth's slugging percentage mark of .847 in 1920 with an .863 effort.
''That's the one record I don't think will ever be broken,'' Bonds said.
With his backdrop of accomplishments, Bonds is expected to command a salary approaching $20 million a year. It is hard to know just what the Giants' financial breaking point will be. Team officials refer to Bonds as their franchise player, but the Giants have won only one playoff game with Bonds on the roster. Still, the Giants' brain trust appears braced for Boras's pursuit.
''We're willing to walk the walk because we're in a position to commit to try to sign him,'' Giants General Manager Brian Sabean said.
It may be naive to think so, but Bonds may be willing to ratchet down his demands to stay in San Francisco. In some of his more vulnerable moments -- like during his emotional postgame ceremony Friday night -- Bonds has indicated his desire to stay a Giant.
BASEBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The Trianon Palace, a hotel built a few minutes' walk from the Palace of Versailles in 1910 and named for one of Marie Antoinette's favorite retreats, has reopened after nine months of renovation. Situated in a seven-acre park, the Trianon Palace, and the newly built Trianon Hotel next door, housing an international business center, each have about 100 guest rooms and suites, as well as access to a new health spa complexnearby.
Guests can play tennis, horseback ride, swim, bike, play golf, stroll through the gardens, or dine at Les Trois Marches, a restaurant in the Trianon Palace with two Michelin stars. Dinner costs around $100 a person (calculating the dollar at 5.30 francs), not including wine or tip.
Programs at the health spa include one operated in association with Givenchy utilizing massage and beauty treatments and a medically supervised "biological cure program" designed to counteract stress as well as aging. Treatments range from hydrotherapy sessions and marine baths to massage and acupuncture. Dance and gymnastics studios, a solarium and a 150-foot-long swimming pool are also available. Cost of treatments begin at about $127 a day and can run up to $1,086 for six days.
The Trianon Palace also has a diet program run by the chef at Les Trois Marches, Gerard Vie, with a 1,300-calorie-a-day menu offering such items as carpaccio of duck, curried ragout St. Jacques and fillet of pork with leeks. .
Room rates run from about $160 for a single room to $566 for an apartment. Package deals that include three spa treatments a day and meals cost between $550 a person for two nights on weekends to $2,258 for six nights. Trianon Palace Hotel, 1 Boulevard de la Reine, 78000 Versailles, France; telephone, 30.84.38.00.
TRAVEL ADVISORY<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Officials of the leading industrial countries sought here today to dispel speculation about a coordinated move toward a substantial increase in world interest rates because of signs of rising inflation.
Officials of the leading industrial countries sought here today to dispel speculation about a coordinated move toward a substantial increase in world interest rates because of signs of rising inflation.
But an American official indicated that the Reagan Administration would not object to a small increase in West German rates. ''There is room for a small technical increase in their rates,'' said the official, who declind to be identified.
German rate increases last summer and fall provoked fear in the Administration then that American rates would have to rise, too, perhaps leading to a slowing of the American economy as it approached an election year.
This time, however, the offical said, American rates have risen a bit this year, while German rates have not risen as much. ''But,'' the official added, ''nobody's saying a tightening of money is going on.''
Suspicion of a rise in rates coordinated by the leaders of the seven nations attending the economic summit conference has arisen in recent days in world financial markets.
In the United States credit markets, analysts said they expect rates to rise modestly in the coming weeks.  [ Page D1. ]  But the need to raise rates to cool off economic expansion and keep the inflation rate low was not considered a high priority at the summit meeting, officials said. ''We are not in a position to say that economic indicators show us that inflation is a real danger,'' Toyoo Gyohten, Japan's deputy minister of finance for international affairs, said after a meeting he attended with the finance ministers of the seven summit countries. No Sense of Urgency
''Several ministers certainly mentioned this inflation,'' he told reporters at a briefing. ''My general impression was that there was no sense of urgency that the inflation situation has reached a level that requires changes in policy'' like raising interest rates.
The generally relaxed atmosphere here was dampened, in particular, after reports from Frankfurt that the West German central bank is preparing an increase in rates to arrest a slight rise in inflation.
But Friedhelm Ost, chief spokesman for the West German Government, said the Bundesbank will be guided by the markets in any future decisions on interest rates, Reuters reported today.
He spoke with reporters after a meeting between Chancellor Helmut Kohl of West Germany and Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher of Britain. Mr. Ost said interest rates had not been discussed by the two leaders. Reports of Growth
Speculation that rate increases might come as soon as this week followed reports last week that the Japanese economy had grown unusually fast in the first quarter this year and that there had been a rise in consumer prices in Britain. British officials here also ruled out any coordinated increase in interest rates.
No one here has denied that rates might rise and that the Federal Reserve might raise rates in the United States to hold the exchange rate of the dollar at the current level.
But officials go out of their way to emphasize that any increases would be fractional and based solely on the special economic circumstances in individual countries.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3*M.D.C. Holdings (MDC,N)
2d qtr to Jun 30
1995
1994
Revenue
215,285,000
197,771,000
Net inc
4,331,000
5,704,000
Share earns
.21
.28
Shares outst
20,305,000
20,480,000<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>ITURREGUI--Jose. Died February 1, 2005 at Calvary Hospital after a brief illness at the age of 77. Resident of the City of New York for 60 years, born in Vizcaya, Spain. He will be greatly missed by his family and friends. He is survived by his wife of 41 years, Irma Balbi Iturregui, his sister Purificasion Larrizaval and brother Pedro Iturregui. Reposing at Frank E. Campbell, 81 Street and Madison Avenue. Family will receive friends Wednesday 7 to 9PM, Thursday 2 to 4, 7 to 9 PM. Mass of Christian Burial Friday 10AM St. Ignatius Loyola RC Church. Interment Calverton National Cemetery.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>New Delhi is a city under siege as it braces for an enormous demonstration by Hindu fundamentalists to be held on Thursday.
The Government has banned the demonstration, and fears of violent confrontations between Hindu militants and the police are sweeping the city even as security forces try to seal the capital off from the rest of India.
Hindu leaders are being rounded up by the police, trains pulling into the city's three stations are being checked for Hindu protesters, and the roads into the capital have been sealed to motor caravans of Hindus militants.
Along Raj Path, the vast grassy esplanade and boulevard leading to the Government buildings, workers hammered huge wooden beams into the asphalt and began laying steel pipe barriers across roadways. Groups of police officers wielding long bamboo staves idled in the shade of plane trees. New Elections Demanded
For weeks, Hindu political leaders have been promising that more than one million of their supporters would descend on the capital in an effort to bring down the Government of Prime Minister P. V. Narasimha Rao. By staging a huge protest outside Parliament, the Hindu leaders said they would force Mr. Rao to call for new national elections, elections they hope will catapult them to power.
But Mr. Rao, under pressure from colleagues in his Congress Party who have said the protest would degenerate into violence, has outlawed the demonstration and flooded the city with police and paramilitary forces. The political opposition, the Bharatiya Janata Party, has said the protest will go ahead despite the ban.
"The point is," Mr. Rao said in an interview, "in an atmosphere which is surcharged with communal feelings, tensions, you cannot take this risk. It is that simple."
Lal Kishanchand Advani, the leader of the opposition in Parliament, denounced the Government's banning of the rally and staged a three-hour sit-in of fellow opposition lawmakers on the lawns of the Parliament building. The Government, he said, "wants to use state power to gag and stifle the Bharatiya Janata Party."
And Murli Manahor Joshi, the president of the Bharatiya Janata Party, accused the Government of stifling democratic rights by banning the demonstration. "The Congress has not just pitted itself against the B.J.P.," he said at a news conference. "It has pitted itself against the people of India -- against the heart and mind of India. This is not good for the country."
Since Hindu militants demolished a 16th-century mosque in December in the northern holy town of Ayodhya, Hindu leaders have stepped up their pressure on the Congress Party Government, believing that a groundswell of public opinion has shifted toward the Hindu movement.
The destruction of the mosque was followed by weeks of bloodshed as Muslims exploded in rage in towns and cities around India, and were often fired on by the police. And last month, in a sustained nine-day attack on the Muslims of Bombay, crowds of young Hindus belonging to a group called Shiv Sena systematically firebombed Muslim homes and businesses, killing more than 600 Muslims.
Already today, the people of Delhi, both New and Old, are becoming more cautious in their movements, unsure of what will happen in the coming days, especially on Thursday. The Government's principal spokesman, S. Narendra, estimated that 500,000 Hindu militants had already come into the city.
Shakeel Ahmed, an attendant at a bustling parking lot, paused for a moment to express his apprehensions about the coming days. "I live in Old Delhi, and there is tension all the time, especially at night," he said. "There have been curfews there and fighting and knifings, especially after the Ayodhya incident. I do not know if offices will remain open on that day, but there are bound to be some incidents. I do not know if the police can take care of the situation. In the past, they've been involved in the trouble."<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The Islanders logged 8 penalties for 19 minutes Wednesday night against Pittsburgh, and they allowed the lowly Penguins two wide-open goals that gave them a one-goal lead late in the second period.
Suffering from a classic case of playing down to their opponent, the Islanders could have paid a price for their transgressions. But they got a two-goal performance by Mariusz Czerkawski that evoked his play earlier in the season and the go-ahead goal by Roman Hamrlik with 17 minutes 7 seconds remaining.
The Islanders' 4-3 victory before a crowd of 13,570 at Nassau Coliseum will look on paper like just another triumph in their push for a third straight appearance in the playoffs. And it will look like the status quo for the Penguins (11-40-5-4), who have the N.H.L.'s worst record and suffered through their 16th straight game without a victory (0-15-0-1), two short of the franchise record.
On the eve of a Thursday night game against the Rangers, the Islanders (28-21-8-2) were thankful for the result.
''It wasn't pretty, but we got the 2 points,'' Czerkawski said.
The Islanders moved alone into seventh place in the Eastern Conference, 2 points ahead of Montreal, and increased their edge to 5 points over ninth-place Buffalo, which played a 1-1 tie with Florida. The Sabres visit the Islanders on Saturday.
The Penguins' Milan Kraft provided a glitch of tension with a goal to trim the Islanders' lead to 4-3 with 8:35 left, but goaltender Garth Snow (18 saves) and crew ensured that the Islanders would trudge away with a five-game unbeaten streak (2-0-3-0).
It was Snow's first victory since Jan. 30. Andy Chiodo, the Penguins' goaltender, made his N.H.L. debut. He stopped his first 14 shots in two periods before the Penguins collapsed.
Czerkawski notched his first multiple-goal game since scoring two goals against Pittsburgh on Oct. 25. Czerkawski was on his way to scoring 10 goals in his first 13 games, then his production declined.
But after being banished to the minors by Montreal last season, he said he was satisfied with his season total of 21.
Only the score was beautiful for the Islanders, whose home record, 20-8-2-0, is already a point better than last season's.
The teams combined for 18 penalties totaling 42 minutes, and there was an extended fight between the Islanders' Arron Asham and Pittsburgh's Tom Kostopoulos.
The Islanders' lax defense gave the Penguins hope. Four seconds after Cliff Ronning was sent to the penalty box for tripping, the Penguins' Ric Jackman hammered in a slap shot from beyond the left circle to give the Penguins a 2-1 lead with 5:12 left in the second period. Earlier in the second, Tomas Surovy got a gliding start and went through a full windup before ripping a slap shot past Snow from the top of the right circle.
Czerkawski scored on a tip-in to even the score at 2-2 with 13 seconds left in the second period. Early in the period, Hamrlik steamed toward the goal and took a pass from behind the goal line from Michael Peca and knocked it in, and the Islanders avoided embarrassment.
''We were talking that it couldn't happen,'' Czerkawski said, ''that this team has nothing to lose.''
HOCKEY<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>STEINKOLER-Alexander H. On November 15, 2002. Beloved and adored husband of Ronnie (nee Brous), dearest and cherished father of Manya, Danny, Jeremy and his wife Trina, son of the late Isaac Steinkoler and Manya Weinstein Steinkoler, loved by his friends, and respected Branch Manager at Prudential Securities. He will live in our hearts forever. Contributions in his memory may be made to The Alexander H. Steinkoler Foundation for Pancreatic Cancer Research, c/o Lawrence Scherer, Esq., Ripka, Rotter & King LLP, 275 Madison Avenue, Suite 701, New York, NY 10016. Service Monday, 10 AM, at ''The Riverside,'' 76th Street and Amsterdam Avenue.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
You express doubts about expansion of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (editorials, March 1 and 5). If you truly believe that NATO's ''core purpose, defense against the Soviet bloc, is obsolete,'' you should take the next step and propose that we disband the alliance altogether. But if you concede that in a dangerous world the United States still needs an alliance with Europe, you need to come up with a better rationale for closing NATO's doors to some of our closest European friends.
You rightly say that ''East-West divisions are evaporating.'' Yet you do not ask what would happen to this trend if we told 200 million people in a dozen Central and Eastern European countries that they can never be part of Europe's pre-eminent security alliance just because of Russia's outdated suspicions.
You are right that the stability of Europe ''depends heavily on whether Russia completes its transition to democracy and a market economy.'' But you forget that Russia will not become a modern European power if it continues to look upon Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic as a buffer zone that separates it from the rest of Europe.
You sell Russia short when you assume that Russian attitudes about Central Europe will never change. You ignore the progress Russia has made, with the United States, on arms control: from accelerating the destruction of weapons under the Start 1 treaty, to agreeing on the outlines of Start 2, to ratifying the Chemical Weapons Convention.
Your suggestion that the European Union will promote unity in a way that embraces rather than excludes Russia is also puzzling. Russia is not only excluded from the foreseeable course of E.U. enlargement, but the E.U. has also told likely entrants such as Poland and Hungary that they must put up new barriers to travel and trade with their eastern neighbors.
NATO enlargement, on the other hand, positively requires all aspiring allies to build closer ties with all their neighbors, particularly with those not likely to join the alliance soon.
JAMES P. RUBIN  Asst. Secy. for Public Affairs  Department of State  Washington, March 5, 1998<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>This season's N.B.A. draft, scheduled for Wednesday at the MCI Center in Washington, has no clear-cut No. 1 choice, but here are the likely top five selections.
1. CHICAGO BULLS - Elton Brand, Duke - 6-8, 260, Forward - The Bulls are contemplating trading the No. 1 for two other picks in the top 10, and some in the organization are pushing for Steve Francis. But when you remember that the Bulls' inside game last season was anchored by Dickey Simpkins at center, Brand almost seems the obvious choice.
2. VANCOUVER GRIZZLES - Lamar Odom, Rhode Island - 6-10, 220, Forward - The Rhode Island freshman puzzled scouts and general managers by failing to take the league-mandated physical in Chicago and flip-flopping several times about wether he planned to remain in school or come out. The Grizzlies were the only team he worked out for in the past month. On talent alone, they may take the gamble. If not, Odom will become the Randy Moss of the N.B.A., a guy with a lot of question marks who may pay huge dividends.
3. CHARLOTTE HORNETS - Steve Francis, Maryland - 6-3, 193, Guard - The perfect athlete to complement the Hornets' rotation. The skywalking Maryland guard may go sooner than No. 3. If not, he could turn Charlotte into a contender for the Eastern Conference crown.
L.A. CLIPPERS - Baron Davis, U.C.L.A. - 6-2 1/2, 210, Guard - The Clippers desperately need to keep the U.C.L.A. point guard in Southern California. A hobbled Sherman Douglas could not get the job done, and Davis seems to be the obvious remedy.
5. TORONTO RAPTORS - Wally Szczerbiak, Miami of Ohio - 6-7 1/2, 243, Forward - The Bulls are still interested in the Miami of Ohio all-American, and there is a feeling that he may not even be there at No. 5. The only senior among the top five picks, the Wally World package includes maturity as well as athleticism and skill.
OTHER NOTABLES: Corye Maggette, who did not even start for Duke last season, was aid to be in the running for the top pick as recently as three weeks ago. But after lackluster workouts in front of teams, no one expects him to crack the top five.
Richard Hamilton, the Connecticut swingman, should go in the top 10 based solely on his ability to knock down jump shots. He's a good athlete along the lines of Kerry Kittles, but he is a more of a shooter than anything.
Jonathan Bender, a Picayune (Mississippi) High School senior, stands 6 feet 11 inches and weighs only 205 pounds. But his skill level and upside may put him in the top 10. Want to feel old? By the time Bender was born - Jan. 30, 1981 - Magic Johnson had already won his first N.B.A. title.
N.B.A. FINALS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: The semiconductor industry's new research consortium, Sematech, is facing a sharp cutback in Federal financing in the 1989 fiscal year under the President's proposed budget, which was released this week.
The semiconductor industry's new research consortium, Sematech, is facing a sharp cutback in Federal financing in the 1989 fiscal year under the President's proposed budget, which was released this week.
The spending plan allocates $44 million for Sematech, compared with $100 million allocated for 1988, which the consortium said was also needed for 1989.
Sematech, whose goal is to improve the capability of American computer chip manufacturers, believes that the low appropriation resulted from a miscalculation by the Defense Department and is confident it will receive the full $100 million in 1989, a spokesman said.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Joseph Mitlof, the owner of Hudson Valley Waterways, was convicted of manslaughter yesterday in Federal District Court in White Plains in connection with a 1998 ferry accident in which one person died. Mr. Mitlof, 59, could be sentenced to as much as 10 years in prison. Evidence at a nine-day trial showed that the company's two ferry boats did not have certification to operate on the Hudson River. The boat involved in the accident was unfit to carry passengers, according to prosecutors. On a trip from Nyack to Tarrytown on Aug. 23, 1998, the boat began to take on water, then capsized. One passenger, Dr. Milton Salkind, drowned.
Jane Fritsch (NYT)<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Margaret Lois Frank, the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Lloyd Frank of New York, was married last evening in Houston to William Isadore Echt, a son of Mr. and Mrs. David Echt of Fort Worth. Rabbi Stuart Federow officiated at the Lovett Inn.
Mrs. Echt, 31 years old, is a researcher at the Baylor College of Medicine in Houston. She graduated summa cum laude from the University of Maine and received a master's degree in health service administration from New Hampshire College and a doctorate in public health management from the University of Texas. Her father is a senior partner in the New York law firm of Parker Chapin Flattau and Klimpl. Her mother, Beatrice Frank, teaches consumer law at New York University.
Mr. Echt, 35, is a senior project scientist at the Union Carbide Chemicals and Plastics Company in Houston. He graduated from the University of Texas. His first marriage ended in divorce. His mother, Cecile Echt, is a retired nursery school teacher in Fort Worth. His father is a retired owner of retail stores in the Fort Worth area.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A picture caption yesterday about New York City's tentative contract agreement with public-school teachers misidentified Harvey Garner. He is interim Schools Chancellor, not a member of the Board of Education.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: AFTER more than a decade of reacting to Japanese and European imports, American manufacturers are starting to regain the initiative in developing new products. In doing this, they are finding that good design, a web of esthetics and quality, is crucial.
AFTER more than a decade of reacting to Japanese and European imports, American manufacturers are starting to regain the initiative in developing new products. In doing this, they are finding that good design, a web of esthetics and quality, is crucial.
''Many American manufacturers are starting to realize that good design means good business,'' said Cara McCarty, assistant curator of design at the Museum of Modern Art. ''American manufacturers are waking up to the idea that we are lagging behind basically because consumers abroad don't want our products because of the design.''
At the same time, American consumers have grown accustomed to dependable and attractive imports. Cars from Honda and Toyota, electronics equipment from Sony and kitchen appliances from Krups and Braun in West Germany won over many Americans and kept them despite the decline of the dollar, said Cooper Woodring, chairman of the Industrial Designers Society of America.
Good design is an elusive quality; a successfully designed product looks good and works well. Industrial design as a profession was established in the United States in the 1930's, when designers such as Henry Dreyfuss and Raymond Loewy, who first worked as illustrators, helped some manufacturers improve their products, among them the Hoover vacuum cleaner. But design faded from executives' consciousness as they grew less involved with products and more so with finance, said Arthur Pulos, retired chairman of the design department at Syracuse University.
Now there are signs that design is gaining recognition in many American companies. In July, I.B.M., for the first time, gave awards to eight of its industrial designers. It has long given comparable awards for engineering and product development.
Some companies are encouraging teams of designers, engineers and manufacturers to rethink their products, instead of merely making incremental changes. One much-noted team effort was on the Ford Taurus, which has been one of the company's biggest-selling cars since it came out in 1985.
In the late 1970's, said Jack Telnack, vice president of design at Ford, ''we knew we had to redo our way of thinking and strive for some breakthrough in design so we could have our own identity on the road.''
Xerox re-evaluated its approach to design when competitors such as Kodak and Ricoh knocked its share of the American copier market to 10 percent in 1984 and 1985 from 17 percent in 1979. With RichardsonSmith, an Ohio design firm, Xerox's designers spent six months observing people using copiers, said Arnold S. Wasserman, who was the company's director of industrial design and human factors and is now a vice president at Unisys, the computer company.
''We developed insights into the latent needs of the users - the stuff they can't tell you but they want,''
Mr. Wasserman said. One such need, he said, was a way to identify the cause of a breakdown - which Xerox's redesigned copiers do with electronic pictures and directions.
By 1987, Xerox had 13 percent of the market, which Mr. Wasserman attributed in part to improved design.
Black & Decker, whose Spacemaker Plus kitchen system of small appliances recently won an award from the Industrial Designers Society of America, has made inroads in a market that swooned over Krups and Braun.
''We had to shift people's understanding of what design could do,'' said Kenneth Homa, vice president for marketing at Black & Decker's household products division.
One step was creating a team of specialists who work together on projects from conception to production, as Ford's Taurus team did. This approach, while common in Japan, is new to American industry, said Earl Powell, head of the Design Management Institute, a research organization in Boston. Before the Taurus, for example, there was little communication among Ford's engineering, manufacturing, design and marketing groups, Mr. Telnack said.
Other companies that bring these groups together from the start include I.B.M., Xerox, NCR, Ciba Corning Diagnostics and Apple Computer.
''If you don't get all those people together at one time,'' said Bob Potts, director of design at Ciba Corning, which makes health-care products, ''then someone's viewpoint or knowledge is going to be excluded or compromised.''
Designers say many manufacturers use them only to choose colors and add trimmings. But in small companies, design can make the difference between success and failure.
When foreign competitors threatened sales of Kangaroo Products Company's motorized golf caddies, for example, its president, Michael McCue, turned to Machen Montague, a design firm in Charlotte, N.C. The designers developed a model that has a cleaner look, requires less maintenance and accelerates slowly to match the golfer's starting steps rather than jumping from a standstill.
In the year since it was introduced, Mr. McCue said, Kangaroo's sales have risen by $1 million.
''Two and a half years ago I didn't know what industrial design was,'' he said. ''Now I can't imagine making a new product without consulting an industrial designer any more than I could think of running an ad without consulting an advertising agency.''  IDEAS & TRENDS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
I find William Safire's "Macho Feminism, R.I.P." (Jan. 27) problematic, though I am pro-motherhood, pro-family, pro-feminine, pro-monogamy in marriage and not a lesbian.
If, like Hillary Rodham, my not taking my husband's last name threatened to destroy his political career, I would certainly take his last name. However, I have no intention of ever changing my last name unless I am faced with circumstances as serious as those Hillary Rodham Clinton faced. For me, the issue is personal identity and equality. To me, a woman's taking her husband's last name symbolizes that she is no longer her father's property, but her husband's. In a traditional wedding, the father gives the daughter to the husband.
It is true that a common last name shared by a married couple could symbolize their unity, their oneness. However, it is always the woman who loses her last name and takes her husband's. This illustrates his dominance over her. If they discussed whose last name to take or took both last names, as Mr. and Mrs. Rodham Clinton, there would be equality and oneness.  MARIA ANEIRO  Brooklyn, Jan. 28, 1992<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: The Chrysler Corporation will increase production of its K-body cars in Mexico after American production is phased out in this country by the end of the current model year, company officials said today. The K-cars, including the Dodge Aries and Plymouth Reliant, were instrumental in the company's financial recovery in the early 1980's.
The Chrysler Corporation will increase production of its K-body cars in Mexico after American production is phased out in this country by the end of the current model year, company officials said today. The K-cars, including the Dodge Aries and Plymouth Reliant, were instrumental in the company's financial recovery in the early 1980's.
About 25,000 of the cars are currently exported to the United States from a Chrysler plant in Toluca, Mexico, which also produces models for the Mexican market. During the 1989 model year the number of cars shipped to the United States will be increased to 60,000 to satisfy remaining demand. The K-cars are being replaced by a redesigned car, designated the A-body.
One of the two United States plants now producing the K-cars, in Newark, Del., is to begin making the A-cars later this year. The other K-car plant, on Detroit's East Side, will begin production of the subcompact Omni and Horizon cars.
Production of the Omni and Horizon is being shifted from a former American Motors Corporation plant in Kenosha, Wis. Chrysler acquired A.M.C. last year.
Workers at the Kenosha plant are bitterly contesting Chrysler's decision to close it at the end of the current model year. They charged that the shift of K-car production to Mexico represented a transfer of jobs out of the country.
COMPANY NEWS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: A sultry, summerlike day is not what one would envision for heralding big news about the University of Kentucky basketball program. But the calm that surrounds a college campus this time of year will be shattered somewhat Thursday when Rick Pitino is introduced as the new coach of the most glamorous college basketball job in the country.
A sultry, summerlike day is not what one would envision for heralding big news about the University of Kentucky basketball program. But the calm that surrounds a college campus this time of year will be shattered somewhat Thursday when Rick Pitino is introduced as the new coach of the most glamorous college basketball job in the country.
Pitino was expected to arrive in Lexington late today after being released from the remaining three years of his contract with the Knicks. C. M. Newton, the Kentucky athletic director and David Roselle, the school president, were also due back, leaving the Southeastern Conference spring meetings in Destin, Fla., one day early.
The University of Kentucky Athletic Association's board of directors was to meet at 10 A.M. Thursday to approve the hiring of Pitino to a reported seven-year, $5 million contract. The new coach was scheduled to conduct a news conference after the meeting. Front-Page News
Pitino's decision to leave the Knicks for the college game that he said he prefers was front-page news in The Lexington Herald-Leader and The Louisville Courier-Journal today.
It also led the local evening newscasts as Kentuckians celebrated the first bit of good news involving the scandal-filled basketball program in over a year. The local network affiliates planned to carry today's press conference live.
A disk jockey who had been living on a billboard sign for the last two weeks - vowing to remain there until a coach was hired - was free to return to his home. Taxi Drivers Get Relief
And perhaps drivers for the Wildcat taxi company, whose cars are painted Kentucky blue, will no longer be harassed by natives who have tossed stones and other debris at the taxis to show their displeasure with the basketball program's transgressions. The taxi company, however, is not affiliated with the university.
Last week, Kentucky was placed on three years' probation by the National Collegiate Athletic Association for recruiting violations and grade fixing. Among the penalties, Kentucky's basketball team will be not be eligible for post-season play for two years and scholarships will be reduced. Pitino faces a major rebuilding job on the court, where the Wildcats were 13-19 last season, and off the court, where the school's image has taken a beating.
The 36-year-old Pitino is expected to remedy that the way he made winners of Boston University, Providence and the Knicks. The scrutiny he will eventually face in Kentucky, however, may be unlike anything he has experienced before.  Kentucky Penalized Again
DESTIN, Fla., May 31 (AP) - The Kentucky basketball program was dealt another blow today when the presidents of the Southeastern Conference stripped the Wildcats of the conference's 1988 regular-season championship and tournament title. The presidents voted, 8-0, to vacate the titles.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>MINUS--Bruce C. Of The Bronx, N.Y., on November 9, 2003. Beloved father of Clifton C. Wynter, Sr. of New York City, Shonie Minus Crighead of Wilmington, DE., Maria Minus of West Palm Beach, FL., Stephanie Minus Taylor of Nassau, Bahamas & Donnamae Minus also of the Bahamas. Also survived by seven stepchildren, 33 grandchildren, 41 great grandchildren and cherished nieces and nephews. Treasured friend to many. Wake Monday, November 17th, 4-8PM at John H. Joyce Funeral Home, 2332 Adam Clayton Powell, Jr. Blvd. at 137 St. Service Tuesday, November 18th, 10AM, Trinity Methodist Church, corner 166 St and Washington Ave, Bronx. Interment Rose Hill Mausoleums, Putnam Valley, N.Y.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Sixteen people, including the Rev. Al Sharpton and the lawyers William M. Kunstler and C. Vernon Mason, were arrested Friday after a confrontation between demonstrators who refused to clear a Brooklyn courtroom and court officers, the police said yesterday.
Sixteen people, including the Rev. Al Sharpton and the lawyers William M. Kunstler and C. Vernon Mason, were arrested Friday after a confrontation between demonstrators who refused to clear a Brooklyn courtroom and court officers, the police said yesterday.
The police said the confrontation occurred during the arraignment of Mr. Sharpton and others on contempt charges from a Sept. 29 demonstration, which they called a ''day of outrage'' and which tied up traffic on the Manhattan Bridge.
A scuffle broke out when court officers tried to remove an estimated 70 supporters of Mr. Sharpton from the building, said a police spokesman, Sgt. Norris Holloman. The demonstrators were engaging in a sit-in, he said.
Sixteen officers and two demonstrators received minor injuries in the incident, Sergeant Holloman said.
Mr. Sharpton; Juanita Brawley, the aunt of Tawana Brawley, and seven others were still in custody yesterday awaiting arraignment on misdemeanor charges ranging from unlawful assembly and disorderly conduct to criminal trespass, said a spokesman for the Brooklyn District Attorney's office, Glenn Goldberg. Judge Refuses to Dismiss Charges
Mrs. Brawley, who the police said had identified herself as Gwendolyn Powell, was also being charged with criminal impersonation, Mr. Goldberg said.
Mr. Kunstler, Mr. Mason and five others were booked on an initial charge of incitement to riot and held overnight, but were released yesterday. They are not to be formally charged with any crime, Mr. Goldberg said, pending an investigation of the incident.
Court officials said the fracas occurred after Judge S. Michael Nadel of Criminal Court rejected a motion Friday morning from Mr. Sharpton's lawyer, Alton Maddox Jr., to have the charges against his client in the day of outrage case dismissed.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A report in the Chronicle column on Monday about the appointment of Charles Desmarais as director of the Center for Contemporary Art misstated the center's location. It is Cincinnati, not Cleveland.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Home Runs by the Bushel
Blame it on shabby pitching, livelier balls, a skimpier strike zone, tighter parks, stronger batters or even the Macarena. But call 1996 the year of the home run. The average is 2.20 a game and the fans love it. Page B11.
New Threat to Bosnia Unity?
The Bosnian Serb and Croat leaders in Bosnia appear to have made an alliance against the Muslim leader that could spell doom for the new three-member presidency, but both of them deny it. Page A8.
Shoring Up Yeltsin
The Kremlin is trying to counter the reports of President Boris N. Yeltsin's failing health and to help him maintain his grip on power with a campaign to show he is still up to the job. But it is a hard sell. Page A10.
Gloomy Forecast From AT&T
AT&T forecast that profits would fall well short of estimates this year. The news sent its stock tumbling and raised questions whether the company had lost its moorings. Page D1.
Du Pont Trial Is Off
A judge in Pennsylvania declared John E. du Pont mentally incompetent at this time to stand trial in the shooting death of an Olympic wrestler last January. Page A14.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Willa L. Z. Armstrong, the president of Armstrong Information Services, a Manhattan video-production company, died on Tuesday at the New York University Medical Center. She was 63 years old and had homes in Manhattan and at Ocean Ridge on Fire Island, L.I.
She died of cancer, said a friend, Helen L. Horwitz.
Mrs. Armstrong won many industry awards for her films, which included a range of educational and informational videos, public-service announcements and video-news releases. Several of her productions, including "Screen Printing: An American Art Form" and "Drive to Win," about four-in-hand equestrian driving, were broadcast on public television.
She was born in Manhattan and reared in Brooklyn. She received a bachelor's degree from Hunter College. Before founding her company in 1979, she was a vice president of Planned Communications Services, a corporate-video production company. She was a member of Women Executives in Public Relations and New York Women in Film.
She is survived by a brother, Walter Zanger of Jerusalem, and a stepson, Grattan V. Armstrong of East Hampton, L.I.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>ADDLING a Canada goose egg is trickier than it sounds. There are a couple of methods, and only one involves picking up the egg and shaking it.
''It's not for the faint of heart,'' said Ellen Emr, a volunteer egg addler in Mountain Lakes, N.J. ''Egg shaking takes about 20 minutes, and the whole time you have to keep a goose, who's fighting you tooth and nail, away.''
Ms. Emr says would-be addlers carry canoe paddles or umbrellas as protection. She eventually started taking her dog along.
These and other tactics, pursued elsewhere in the region, have recently become familiar to Westchester park management officials, in ''goose control training sessions'' that Senator Charles E. Schumer took the trouble of getting a $200,000 federal appropriation for. Geese Peace, a national nonprofit group, conducted the sessions, in conjunction with the United States Department of Agriculture Wildlife Services Program.
Why go to these lengths to addle goose eggs? If you don't know, you haven't walked much in Westchester locales like Gedney Park in Millwood, where Bob Unger of Chappaqua recently took his dog for a stroll.
''It is a mess,'' Mr. Unger said, looking at the ground, sodden with droppings. Echoing the sentiments of many area residents, Mr. Unger says that although he enjoys seeing the geese, fewer would be better.
Senator Schumer obviously agrees -- at least when it comes to their droppings. A week ago, through a spokesman in his Washington office, he delicately alluded to that ''small problem,'' saying, ''For communities where you have to constantly watch your step, it is a real annoyance.''
But how to control an annoyance humanely? As Mr. Unger put it: ''Less geese would be fine; wiping them out, I would be against.''
This is where egg addling comes in. It stops the development of the egg (if eggs are simply destroyed, the goose will often lay more). Method One, almost self-evidently, is to shake the eggs vigorously. The other method is to coat them with corn oil, which cuts the flow of oxygen through the shell. Geese Peace taught both methods, officials said, until volunteers in various parks started reporting that the shaking of the eggs, violent as it sometimes appears, had upset some residents.
When eggs are able to float, they are too far advanced to be humanely addled, according to the United States Humane Society. The 30 Westchester trainees who took part in the sessions were therefore taught to conduct flotation tests.
WESTCHESTER residents will not reap any immediate benefits from the program. Volunteers need permits from the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, and they did not obtain them in time to go addling this year. The procedure was performed in only a handful of parks and golf courses, and it was contracted out, park officials said, as it has been for the last three years.
Dr. Jack Robbins, deputy commissioner of the Westchester County Department of Parks, Recreation and Conservation, said that training next year would begin earlier. The Humane Society's egg-addling protocol explains that geese will challenge people, sometimes even vehicles, if they get too close to their nests. The geese will hiss, flap and, rarely, strike with wings or peck. Addlers must also be alert for the rare air assault. To complicate matters, egg addlers who panic and hit birds will find themselves on the wrong side of the law: the Canada goose is a federally protected species.
David Feld, president of Geese Peace, says there have been no injuries among those taught by his group, and he credits good training for that. Doreen Banks, Nassau County's parks commissioner, agreed. She has been using the egg oiling method -- which takes only about five minutes a nest -- for several years.
''They might smack you with a wing,'' she said, but only one bird has been very tenacious among the 20 pairs she has dealt with. That one broke her umbrella. ''It's shocking the first time a goose freaks on you,'' she said.
She advised any would-be volunteer to be prepared to field questions from curious bystanders, who often express ambivalence about the geese. At a housing development recently, as she and a teammate oiled goose eggs, they were approached by four homeowners: two were ''absolutely delighted,'' Ms. Banks said; the other two, however, were ''somewhat concerned.''
This ambivalence may stem from the perception that humans have contributed to the problem.
Amanda Voysey, a Mount Kisco resident who was out with her grandson a week ago in Leonard Park, said she saw people as the aggressors in the situation. ''We've done the geese out of their own property,'' she said.
John Askildsen, a director of the Bedford Audubon Society, holds people responsible, but for another reason. Mr. Askildsen noted that the Canada goose ''never naturally inhabited the lower 48, only during migration and during winter.'' In the 1940's and 50's, he said, the Fish and Wildlife Service and state game agencies brought down goslings and eggs from Canada, to provide something for hunters to shoot at. Most geese have continued to migrate, he said. But the introduced birds have become residents.
Egg addling does seem to be reducing the numbers of these ''resident'' geese -- albeit slowly. Dr. Robbins said that this year in the Bronx River Parkway Reservation he had counted seven pairs with goslings, compared with two dozen pairs four years ago.
WILDLIFE<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3*Eagle-Picher Industries
Qtr to Feb 28
1995
1994
Sales
197,603,000
177,754,000
Net inc
13,032,000
11,039,000
Share earns
1.18
1.00<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: A Democratic Senator who opposes early deployment of missile defenses in space said today that he might try to prohibit any spending in 1988 on research that would violate a strict interpretation of the 1972 ABM treaty limiting tests of such technologies.
A Democratic Senator who opposes early deployment of missile defenses in space said today that he might try to prohibit any spending in 1988 on research that would violate a strict interpretation of the 1972 ABM treaty limiting tests of such technologies.
The Senator, J. Bennett Johnston, a Louisiana Democrat who sits on the Appropriations Committee, said that ''unless persuaded otherwise'' he would introduce such an amendment to the bill that provides money for next year's Pentagon programs.
By limiting research money, the amendment would go further than other legislative efforts in maintaining the status of the Antiballistic Missile Treaty. Senator Joseph Biden, a Delaware Democrat, has introduced a resolution expressing support for strict adherence to the treaty, but it is not clear that his measure would be legally binding.
The Administration has been criticized by Senate Democrats for seeking a broad interpretation of the ABM treaty that would permit extensive testing. Measures to limit tests are expected to win substantial support in both houses of Congress, and a restriction on next year's budget could become a precedent for later years. Testimony by Abrahamson At a hearing today before the Appropriations Committee's defense subcommittee, Lieut. Gen. James A. Abrahamson, director of the missile defense program, said the research was not likely to involve tests before 1989 that would be precluded by the strict reading of the treaty.
''That is the way the budgets were put together, and that is the way the plans were laid out,'' he said, when asked whether money sought for 1987 and 1988 would be spent within the treaty's strict bounds. ''The answer is, yes, sir.''
General Abrahamson said the Pentagon had not yet completed studies showing when prohibited tests would become necessary. He said he would object to any legislation that prevented his office from planning experiments under a broader interpretation.
The Reagan Administration has said since 1985 that a correct interpretation of the treaty would permit tests of weapons using novel technologies. It has agreed for the time being to abide by a narrower interpretation.
The issue has come to dominate the arms control debate, as Democratic Senators, including Senator Sam Nunn of Georgia, have disputed the Administration's view of the treaty.
General Abrahamson said today that research was being delayed and made more costly because of the treaty's strictures.
He said that an experimental satellite to track ballistic missiles during their ascent would be designed and tested without the full capabilities that would have to be installed for an operational missile defense system.
By limiting the tests, he said, the Pentagon would avoid violating the treaty as strictly defined. Need for $1 Billion More
If the Administration adopted the broad interpretation, General Abrahamson said, roughly $1 billion more would have to be spent to expand the test plan for the satellite.
On Wednesday, the Pentagon awarded contracts for development of the satellite, known as the Boost Surveillance and Tracking System, to two contractors, the Grumman Corporation and the Lockheed Corporation. Each concern won a contract worth $304 million.
Seated beside a six-foot model of an antimissile rocket meant to be based in space, General Abrahamson told the committee that ''the balance is shifting'' toward adopting the broader view of the treaty so that space weapons could be fully tested.
General Abrahamson said that a preliminary deployment of interceptors in space, along with other weapons and related equipment, might be fielded beginning in 1994 for $40 billion to $60 billion. It was the first time that a Pentagon official has estimated the cost of an initial defense, although the general conceded that his estimate was not very reliable.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Thomas M. O'Brien, president and chief executive of the North Side Savings Bank, a relatively small institution in the Bronx, did something that none of his predecessors did: he went out and acquired another bank.
Thomas M. O'Brien, president and chief executive of the North Side Savings Bank, a relatively small institution in the Bronx, did something that none of his predecessors did: he went out and acquired another bank.
North Side, chartered in 1905, recently acquired the Richmond Hill Savings Bank in Floral Park, L.I.
North Side paid $160 million, or $23.75 a share, for Richmond Hill, a bank that earlier had received an offer from a group that included the son of T. Boone Pickens and two Richmond Hill directors.
Richmond Hill rejected the earlier offer, which had been for $16, while the Richmond Hill book value was $23 a share. Richmond Hill ''retained investment banking advice,'' Mr. O'Brien said, ''and I always had a nice relationship with the bank's management.'' He added, ''We expressed our interest and things kind of became available.''
North Side, which has been a public company for two years, has $630 million in assets, while Richmond Hill has $1.1 billion. North Side has six branches in the Bronx and one in Westchester, while Richmond Hill has 11 branches in Queens and in Nassau County.
Mr. O'Brien, 37, joined the bank 11 years ago in the controller's department. Earlier, he had worked in the State Legislature as an administrative aide to the Senate majority. He is a graduate of Niagara University with a master's degree from Iona College.
Although he had no banking experience when he joined North Side, he said that ''banking was a little bit in my blood,'' adding, ''I had a few relatives in the business.'' But not at North Side. ''I didn't know a soul here,'' he said.
He moved up quickly, he said jocularly, because savings banks were not doing well in those days and ''when the banks started losing money everybody headed for the hills.''
Actually, he said, North Side did not suffer as much as some other savings banks. ''Our capital ratios were always fairly healthy and when we converted to stock ownership we had a superior capital base,'' he said. ''We could accommodate the acquisition and not issue additional stock.''  BUSINESS PEOPLE<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A sports article yesterday about the number of black members at Westchester County country clubs misidentified the tournament played last summer at the Shoal Creek club near Birmingham, Ala. It was the Professional Golfers' Association championship.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A baby in his mother's arms was stabbed in the face with a pen by a homeless man who accosted the mother on an Upper East Side street yesterday morning, the police said.
Doctors at New York Hospital-Cornell Medical Center released the 22-month-old boy after treatment for cuts on his cheek, forehead and ear.
The struggle attracted the attention of passers-by, several of whom helped catch the attacker. A cabdriver used a Club, an anti-car-theft device, to stop the man as he ran into the street, witnesses said.
A police spokesman, Officer Scott Bloch, said the attack occurred at 9:32 A.M. on First Avenue near 78th Street. The police had not determined a motive for the attack yesterday, but witnesses said it began with a struggle over the woman's purse. The homeless man was identified as Jeffrey Rose, 24 years old. He was charged with attempted murder, assault and criminal possession of a weapon.
The names of the woman and her son were not disclosed. Mother Was Bruised
The woman was carrying the infant when the man approached them, Officer Bloch said. During the struggle, the man pulled out a pen and stabbed the boy at least twice, the officer said.
"As he was stabbing the child, he also knocked the child to the ground," Officer Bloch said. The mother suffered bruises while trying to protect the baby, he said.
"If the guy had a knife, that baby would have been dead," said a man who helped subdue the attacker.
The man, who refused to give his name, said he was working in a carpet store on First Avenue when he heard screams and saw a woman and a man struggling over a purse and then a baby. "I saw him stabbing with something white," the man said.
As the attacker ran, the man said, "I tackled the guy." But he managed to get up and run into the street.
By then, however, several motorists had stopped their cars and got out to help capture the man. "One stood there with a Club and threatened him," the carpet-store worker said.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: The matronly woman from Nazareth with a map labeled Palestine embroidered on her homemade robe had a story to tell, and so, too, did the man in the brown business suit from Stockholm - tales of one-way tickets to exile, passports to unending Diaspora.
The matronly woman from Nazareth with a map labeled Palestine embroidered on her homemade robe had a story to tell, and so, too, did the man in the brown business suit from Stockholm - tales of one-way tickets to exile, passports to unending Diaspora.
Then there was the military commander from south Lebanon, clad in a dark-blue blazer instead of his usual camouflage fatigues, who kept his tales to himself.
In the lobbies of the Club des Pins tourist village where the Palestine National Council is meeting, it seems about as exotic as a convention of Detroit automakers, without the hoopla. People wear badges setting out name and status. People lobby and press causes. They huddle and caucus in a decision-making process that resembles a kind of osmosis.
Lights burn late in the villas where the P.L.O.'s leaders are housed. Deals are struck or not struck. The hundreds of delegates debate and argue what their leaders have decided, seeking, if not consensus, then a majority view. Declaration of Independence
The main business here was a declaration of independence for the Israeli-occupied territories and a new political program intended to show the Palestinians as the people who want peace, not war or terror. But the sideshows have their significance, too, reminding those who might forget of what ignited the wars and of the emotions behind them.
People like Khaled Faham have been pondering when they will ever go back to what they see as home, as if a sustaining hope had perished.
These days, he said, he lives in Stockholm, a businessman exiled from the land he has taught his children to see as home. But home, in the old days, was the coastal city of Haifa, from which his family fled in 1948.
''I come from Haifa,'' he said. ''To me, I'm not getting anything out of this. Now I have to change my mentality and that of my children.'' He seemed to concede that any Palestinian state declared here would never encompass Haifa, although the P.L.O.'s charter still insists on the right of Palestinians to return whence they came.
Zakhir Chamet, from Nazareth, came to the session today in a striking white robe, stitched with emblems and slogans and a map of Palestine. She had been jailed by the Israelis for 14 years - she would not say why - and had come here in 1984 as part of a prisoner exchange. But that had left her family divided. Her three daughters were with her here, two sons were in Israel. Dream of Reunification
The idea of a family reunification, she said, seemed a distant dream. Throughout the world, those who count themselves Palestinian number five million. Of those, 1.7 million live under Israeli administration, so many share her sense of a forfeited homeland to which return has been made impossible.
Maneuvering intrudes on an organization jealous of its independence among Arab states that generally wish to steer it.
The P.L.O. chairman, Yasir Arafat, has recently seemed to befriend President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt, leader of a land once reviled by many Arabs for its 1979 peace with Israel. But when the council meeting opened here two days ago, one guest was Khaled Abdel Nasser, the son of the late Egyptian leader. Mr. Nasser is on trial in Egypt in absentia on treason charges.
''We wanted to send a signal,'' a P.L.O. official said, ''that we are in no one's pocket, and that we support the democratic opposition in Egypt.'' By contrast, the meeting opened with fulsome praise of Algeria's President, Chadli Benjedid, the host. No one, out of courtesy, mentioned the riots.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>On Oscar night, you can put on jeans and join the gang for nachos and beer at your neighborhood bar. Or you can dress well enough to impress Joan Rivers and reserve a seat in the bar area at Le Cirque 2000 and watch the show while spooning up lobster risotto, or head to Circo for the ravioli with butter and sage. Some places have a prix fixe for the occasion: AZ, which has a 120-inch screen TV, will offer an all-you-can-eat buffet for $40. Dinner and awards at the Screening Room will be $80 a person. Reservations are required at all these spots.
Other places with a television and good food in the bar include Aix, L'Impero, Brasserie, Brasserie 360, Merge and Compass.
FOOD STUFF<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3*Bausch & Lomb (NYSE)
Qtr to Sept 26
1992
1991
Sales
396,942,000
Net inc
49,961,000
43,599,000
Share earns
.83
.72
9mo sales
1,280,678,000
1,133,166,000
Net inc
119,684,000
b45,931,000
Share earns
1.98
.76
b-After a charge from the adoption of SFAS 106 for post-retirement benefits of $ 58,311,000.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>An article on Tuesday about a controversy over the arrest of a political activist, Kenneth Krayeske, during the inaugural parade of Gov. M. Jodi Rell of Connecticut, misstated his age and misstated the surname of his lawyer. Mr. Krayeske is 34, not 33, and his lawyer is Norman A. Pattis, not Potts.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The Cummins Engine Company said today that Henry B. Schacht, its chief executive since 1973, had turned over the job to James A. Henderson, the president and chief operating officer.
Mr. Schacht will remain as chairman and concentrate on developing international alliances for Cummins, the diesel engine maker based in Columbus, Ind., that has been booming after a rough ride in the 1980's.
Theodore M. Solso, an executive vice president, will succeed Mr. Henderson as chief operating officer. Battling Imports
Mr. Schacht became one of the nation's most promiment executives during the 1980's as he led Cummins in a no-holds-barred battle against Japanese imports. He won at a heavy cost by slashing prices while investing more than $1 billion in new products, only to see domestic rivals like Detroit Diesel and Caterpillar begin to grab huge chunks of Cummins's mainstay business, engines for heavy-duty trucks.
The company also had to fend off an unwanted investment from Hanson P.L.C. that Wall Street assumed would develop into a takeover attempt. It took a three-way, $250 million investment in 1990 by three big customers -- the Ford Motor Company, Tenneco Inc., and Kubota Ltd. of Japan -- to restore financial stability.
Today's changes were described as the first step toward turning over management to a new generation.  Both Mr. Schacht and Mr. Henderson, who has worked alongside him since they joined Cummins in 1964, are 59 years old. Mr. Solso, who joined Cummins in 1971, is 47. He had been considered the most likely heir apparent by Wall Street although analysts said they had no inkling that Mr. Schacht was about to step down.
"I started talking about this with Jim and the board about two years ago when it was apparent that the hard work and retrenchment was paying off," Mr. Schacht said in an interview. "I felt the company should not face a double retirement and needed a phased succession."
Today's announcement came after the close of trading on the New York Stock Exchange, where Cummins stock finished at $42.375, down 37.5 cents.
"Henry's not moving into a caretaker role," Mr. Henderson said of his close friend and longtime colleague. "Cummins has some exceptional opportunities overseas." Cummins has been an attractive partner for many foreign engine makers because other countries are now moving toward the tougher emission standards that Cummins has already met with its products for the American market.
COMPANY NEWS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Michael K. Tarver was right on target. Until this past year it was mandatory for every travel agent in upscale leisure travel to read the Travel section from cover to cover. I was even employed at an agency that reimbursed agents for the cost of their subscriptions. This is no longer the case. This last year the paper is more concerned with the clients looking for bargains, inexpensive walkups and apparently little comforts. Gone is the stuff that dreams are made of! ELLIE FINE  Fine Travel Providence, R.I.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>MADRID'S stock market was shaken last week by corruption scandals that rocked the Spanish Government, prompting fears of prolonged financial panic. In fact, the opposite happened. After two days of steep plunges, the market began bouncing back once Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez made clear that he had no intention of resigning. Although analysts do not rule out further volatility, most feel that Madrid's Bolsa index will continue to rise as the economy improves. For all the ups and downs, there are still good buys for those in for the long run.
The market in Madrid, which enjoyed gains of over 50 percent in 1993 and a big surge this January, has behaved much like other European markets of late. It plunged over concern about rising interest rates in the United States, and recovered with cuts in Spain's own domestic rates.
Most brokerage companies bet that the Madrid index, which ended last year at 322.77, will surpass its January record of 358 before year's end. On Friday, it closed at 318.22, still below the level of the week before.
But Spanish politics provide no lack of thrills and spills. Madrid's market reeled last week in response to a succession of corruption scandals that created a sensation of imminent political instability. But the evidence now is that some foreign investors seized the opportunity to step in and buy what jittery locals dumped.
From an investor's viewpoint political events hardly looked encouraging: The former governor of the Bank of Spain, Mariano Rubio, and the former chairman of the Madrid stock exchange, Manuel de la Concha, were arrested and jailed on charges of tax fraud. A former national police chief accused of embezzling millions of dollars went on the run. And two Government ministers and two members of Parliament resigned.
"Naturally, with these daily installments in the press and political uncertainty, the markets get very nervous," said Jose Sevilla of FG Inversiones Bursatiles, a Madrid brokerage firm that deals often with foreign investors. But Mr. Sevilla, and other dealers, blamed most of the nervousness on edgy Spanish investors, not foreign ones.
"Domestic investors are relatively new in the stock market," Mr. Sevilla said, "and they are afraid that the foreigners are going to pull out as the corruption scandals hit the foreign press."
With interest rates falling, market watchers here say, Spanish institutional investors only jumped into the market late last year, according to most market watchers. Equity trading volume for the first three months of 1994 more than doubled over that of 1993.
"Domestic investors were just convincing themselves that it was time to buy stock portfolios, and now they fear they had been caught holding the bag," said Amadeo Reynes, of Analistas Financieros Internacionales, a financial consulting firm.
But on the bond market, which is more affected by foreign investment, interest rates on 10-year bonds, which had dropped to as low as 7.75 percent in January, soared back up to nearly 10 percent on Thursday before settling back to 9.65 percent by Friday.
At an investment seminar here last week, Finance Minister Pedro Solbes urged foreign fund managers "not to analyze the situation through the foam of corruption, which is hiding the reality of the country, which is frankly very good."
The growth in Spain's gross domestic product in the first quarter -- up at an annualized rate of 1 percent -- confirmed dealers' confidence in economic recovery. Last year, the economy contracted by 1 percent. The Government now estimates that it will grow by 1.3 percent in 1994. Indicators from car sales to housing starts and exports also point toward recovery. Tourism, a major source of foreign income, is expected to break all records this summer.
Despite market swings, traders see some abiding investment opportunities in Spain. For uncertain times, traders recommend electric utilities, the traditional refuge of long-term investors. The giant state electrical utility, Empresa Nacional de Electricidad S.A., or Endesa, is always popular. So is the smaller Catalonian utility Fecsa.
In banking stocks, analysts are hard put to explain the practically unstoppable rise of shares in Banco Espanol de Credito, or Banesto, which have soared 57 percent in value since the troubled bank was acquired by Banco Santander less than two weeks ago. No dealer recommends it, but the stock continues to climb while Santander's equity value has slid.
"Technically, it's impossible to understand how Banesto can be worth more than Santander's purchase price," said Jaime Smith of Benito y Monjardin, a brokerage firm. Buyers beware.
Traders see Banco Popular, Spain's fifth largest bank and its most profitable, as a better buy, along with the state-controlled bank Argentaria as well as Banco Bilbao Vizcaya, the rival bidder that lost out on the Banesto bid.
Mr. Sevilla of FG Inversiones likes Acerinox, an export-oriented company in stainless steel, and picks out Vidrala, a glass maker that exports bottles to France, as a good bet for this year. Vidrala is expected to post a 40 percent increase in profits this year.
Clive Heathcote of AB Asesores, another brokerage firm, suggests Uralita, a construction supply company, as a good risk/reward stock. But Mr. Smith warns investors to be careful with construction companies that are overdue for profit taking.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Reports from Belfast (July 6, 7 and 9), following the freeing from prison by the British Government of Pvt. Lee Clegg, carried allegations that Sinn Fein was behind the street disturbances after his release.
Such allegations are extremely serious in the context of the peace process. They are also untrue.
Almost one year after the I.R.A. cessation began there is still no significant movement by the British to consolidate the peace process -- no date has been set for peace talks. This has led to increasing frustration and anger, which is widely shared by Irish nationalists.
It was against this backdrop, and ignoring all advice from Dublin and Washington, that the British decided to free a British paratrooper only two and a half years after imposing a life sentence on him for the murder of a nationalist teen-age girl. It also has been viewed in the context of a British policy that, over 25 years, has unashamedly defended its forces from the legal and judicial consequences of their criminal actions.
British state forces have killed more than 350 people in that time. In the 1970's, nine British soldiers were tried for the murder of Irish civilians. All were found not guilty in "special courts." In the 1980's, five were tried; one was convicted.
In contrast there has been no movement on the 1,200 Irish political prisoners, some of whose conditions of imprisonment have worsened in recent months.
We, in Ireland, in Britain and in the United States, who have created the opportunity for peace need to move the peace process into negotiations. MAIREAD KEANE Sinn Fein Representative to the United States Washington, July 11, 1995<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
The dire state of the arts in school curriculums, which you discuss in "As Schools Trim Budgets, the Arts Lose Their Place" (front page, Feb. 3), is as much about the perception of art as about budgetary constraints. Too often the arts are viewed as a frill. However, serious study of the arts is one of the best ways to educate a young person for college and work.
In this postindustrial society what is required of workers at all levels is that they be creative thinkers, problem solvers, able to work well with others and able to work independently. Schools must no longer simply train students for specific tasks; we must educate them in broad skills so that they can function in any mumber of capacities.
Arts training develops these skills. The student artist (musician, dancer, studio artist, writer, actor) learns by doing. Often in schools students do not
do
anything: they learn
about
doing something, or they watch someone else do it.
The young musician, however, learns by doing, by playing the violin, not by listening to someone lecture about playing. Artists often work in groups, which requires listening, responding and asserting their own "voices" while supporting the voices of fellow artists. Research tells us that an important reason Japanese education produces such productive workers is not the many classroom hours, rote learning or longer days, but that children are taught how to work well in groups.
Artists take risks and learn from their mistakes. The "mistakes," the parts that are not yet well executed, tell the artist where the work is, rather than being an indication of failure. Working toward mastery of an art form is a long-term goal and lifelong process, not something that is completed on the day the student receives a diploma.
The artist works for himself or herself, as well as against an external standard of excellence. Having chosen an artistic pursuit, the student feels a level of investment not always found in the classroom. Other characteristics gained from the arts are thinking creatively, acting on one's belief, development of self-identification and good judgment.
In American schools for the last century, we have been concerned with training; that is, turning out young people who will perform certain tasks and share the same specific knowledge (back in the days when a teacher could convey most important cultural knowledge). Nowadays we should seek to educate, a different proposition altogether; to produce young people who ask questions and can continue to learn throughout life.
We need artists in all areas of life, and "artists" are people who share these qualities no matter what their occupation. Arts in the curriculum are a necessity, not a frill. To cut them is to deny students an avenue of learning. STEPHANIE B. PERRIN Head, Walnut Hill Boarding School for Arts and Academics Natick, Mass., Feb. 4, 1993<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Democrats, at least in this millennium, have not been accustomed to much celebration.
So after they won control of the House last night -- precisely 12 years after the Republican revolution touched off the first in a sequence of punishing elections -- there was a momentary paralysis at the victory parties. It quickly passed, however, as the Democrats reveled in the glow of winning control of the House even while nervously watching Senate returns trickle in.
From a hotel ballroom in the shadow of the Capitol in Washington to statehouses to private vote-watching gatherings across the United States, Democrats celebrated their victories.
Yet even as they savored a still-unfolding success story, they tested their ability to stick to a basic principle of their agreed upon game plan: no gloating allowed.
''The news has arrived!'' declared Representative Rahm Emanuel of Illinois, who was a prime engineer of the party's comeback. ''You have given us a chance to bring this country around, and we'll bring you a government that no longer lets you down.''
As the speakers blared ''Start Me Up'' by the Rolling Stones at the Washington ballroom, Mr. Emanuel and Senator Charles E. Schumer of New York, his Senate counterpart, came out dancing and clapping. While control of the Senate was still in doubt, Mr. Emanuel's victory was clear, so he pumped his fist in the air and addressed a jubilant crowd. Later, he received a congratulatory call from Ken Mehlman, the Republican Party chairman.
As Mr. Emanuel tried to thank a list of people who had helped gain the victory, the crowd demanded to see the woman who would become the first female speaker of the House: ''Nan-cy! Nan-cy!'' On risers close to the stage, young celebrants jumped up and down, yelling: ''Speaker! Speaker! Speaker!''
Then, in short order, Representative Nancy Pelosi of California took the stage.
''Today we have made history,'' Ms. Pelosi said. ''Now let us make progress.'' The elation, which had been slowly building in recent weeks, was felt across the nation. In Indiana, long a red state, Democrats captured three House seats from Republicans. It was a sign, Democrats said, that the country was longing for a new direction.
''The lesson of this election is clear -- we won by turning the red states of the heartland blue,'' said Senator Evan Bayh of Indiana, who spent the last several days crisscrossing his state on behalf of Democratic candidates. ''Indiana, which has voted for the Republicans in 16 of the last 17 presidential elections, sent three new Democrats to Congress. This is not an accident.''
Throughout the day, Democrats had been superstitiously trying to tamp down expectations. Mr. Emanuel and Ms. Pelosi made limited public appearances, going only briefly before television cameras. Ms. Pelosi's staff took out lanyards imprinted ''speakerpelosi.com'' to give to staff members and visitors to the Democratic headquarters. They were left over from two years ago, when she ran for speaker as a formality.
But her staff ruled out the ''Speaker Pelosi'' placards for the ballroom celebration, opting for tiny American flags instead.
Well before the polls closed, when the first bits of good news began to arrive, Democrats were too cautious to clap.
Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the Democratic minority leader, stood in the reception area of his office shortly before dinnertime, looking almost stricken. He had seen promising exit polls before, namely in 2004, when John Kerry appeared to be the next president on the afternoon of Election Day.
''I've had my heart broken before,'' Mr. Reid said. ''I thought I'd won over the woman, only to look into the bedroom and see her with another man.''
Melissa Moss, a loyal and longtime party activist in Washington, could barely contain her delight after receiving word that Democrats had won control of the House. It was a political emotion that she worried her party might have forgotten.
''We've had our chops busted pretty good for the last several years,'' said Ms. Moss, a former national finance director for the party. ''We've lost one election and we've had one stolen. There is sort of a feeling of a renaissance. It really does feel like a new day, and we've been in the darkness.''
Senator Barack Obama, Democrat of Illinois, spent the evening in Chicago making congratulatory calls. In an interview, he declared: ''Democrats have a wonderful opportunity to show that we have an agenda for change.''
In the ballroom of the Hyatt Hotel in Washington, flag-waving, dancing Democrats erupted in cheers as two television screens covering the walls at the front announced a series Democratic winners for the House.
The loudest applause went to Tim Mahoney, who won the seat held by Representative Mark Foley, who resigned in September after sending sexually explicit e-mail messages to young Congressional pages -- a final scandal that helped vault Democrats to their victory. The crowd danced to ''Born to Run,'' waving flags and beer bottles, while outside, waiters cleared cartons full of empty bottles.
Ms. Pelosi and Mr. Reid came out to the sound of Sheryl Crow singing, ''A Change Will Do You Good'' They embraced Mr. Emanuel and Mr. Schumer as the crowd yelled ''Speaker! Speaker! Speaker!''
As Ms. Pelosi took the podium, smiling broadly and waving, people in the crowd began to dance harder, linking arms and kicking in a chorus line. From the crowd, someone yelled, ''You go, girl!''
THE 2006 ELECTIONS: THE OVERVIEW<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>PARISI--Barbara. We mourn the loss of our Board Member and friend, who inspired us with her valiant fight to beat lung cnacer--both the disease and the stigma that haunts the diagnosis. She was tireless in her campaign, bringing intelligence, hope and a tenacious can-do spirit to increasing understanding of lung cancer and the desperate need for greater research funding. Throughout her illness, she made time to encourage other patients and also to celebrate her life and the family she loved so much. Barbara will forever inspire us. We send our deepest condolences to her husband, Paul, and her daughters. The Board of Directors of Joan's Legacy: The Joan Scarangello Foundation to Conquer Lung Cancer<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Karl Linnas, the Estonian deported from the United States last month and facing a death sentence passed by a Soviet court 25 years ago for war crimes, has asked the Estonian Supreme Court to pardon him, the Soviet press agency Tass reported today.
Karl Linnas, the Estonian deported from the United States last month and facing a death sentence passed by a Soviet court 25 years ago for war crimes, has asked the Estonian Supreme Court to pardon him, the Soviet press agency Tass reported today.
Tass quoted Karl Kimmel, an Estonian prosecutor who took part in the 1962 prosecution in absentia of Mr. Linnas, as saying the appeal for a pardon was the only document received thus far from Mr. Linnas. The appeal cited the passage of more than 40 years since the actions at issue, Tass said.
Mr. Linnas, 67 years old, who worked as a land surveyor in Greenlawn, L.I., has had two meetings with his court-appointed lawyer since his deportation and arrival in Estonia on April 21. He has been accused of war crimes commited while he helped run two concentration camps in his native city of Tartu in Estonia.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Vibration became almost tangible when Cultural Alchemy's Soundlab took over the Anchorage on Friday night, turning the tall brick vaults beneath the Brooklyn Bridge into 50-foot-high subwoofer enclosures. The event opened Creative Time's Music in the Anchorage series, which continues through July 27.
Soundlab is reshaping ambient music into what it calls "illbient" music, which seeks to stimulate and intrigue as well as soothe. Deliberately open and unsettled, illbient can be propulsive or prolonged, lucid or amorphous; disorientation is its path to enlightenment, and it rules nothing out.
On Friday, Cultural Alchemy convened disk jockeys, musicians, performers and visual artists. The night was as much an environment as a performance. Throbbing bass lines and looming sustained tones, crisp electronic rhythms and swooping synthesizer notes ricocheted through the Anchorage, with up to four different musical sites active through dawn. Video monitors and slide projectors showed blobs and squiggles, shaven-headed couples and Bruce Lee movie trailers; a woman danced while twirling a long pole with flaming ends.
In one chamber, the artists Multipolyomniandwe suspended an illuminated sculpture, a large white ovoid with tentacles, behind transparent plastic walls  with liquid trickling down them, creating shadows that made the vault look like  a subterranean grotto. In another, people played early video games like Pac-Man. Many visitors brought camcorders.
As the visuals juxtaposed futuristic abstractions and kitsch, Soundlab's music mixed the organic and the digital, using everything from sampling keyboards and turntables to voice, cello or saxophone. One room featured dance-music disk jockeys, continuously toying with a steady beat; in the others, there was no fixed agenda.
Ui, a bass-heavy three-piece band, improvised over unswerving slow riffs; Hot Mouth, a trio, sang hooting, overlapping vocals accompanied by clay drum and cello. D.J. Logic worked with a saxophonist, a keyboardist and a rapper in the group Blank Slate, setting their articulate lines against jungle music's fitful  bursts of beat and riff, hinting at new hybrids.
Circuit Bible, two men with laptop computers, dispensed stretches of chattering electronic rhythm, then veered into sonar-beep synthesizer lines. Singe, a disk jockey, used layers of undulating, rhythmless sound -- twittering  birds, ominous organ chords, hazy electronic tones -- to conjure eerie vistas.
For the night, the Anchorage was a domain apart, where technology was both promising and menacing, biding its time behind the big beat and fluorescent colors. While people danced, Soundlab seemed to harness a subterranean urban power, heating up a crucible of ideas.
POP REVIEW<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Listed below are the target release dates for major economic indicators scheduled to be released this week.  Monday
Listed below are the target release dates for major economic indicators scheduled to be released this week.  Monday
None  Tuesday
G.N.P. ... 3d Qtr.
Corporate Profits ... 3d Qtr.  Wednesday
Personal Income ... Oct.
Farm Prices ... Nov.  Thursday
Construction Spending ... Oct.
Leading Indicators ... Oct.  Friday
Unemployment ... Nov.
Factory Orders ... Oct.
New-Home Sales ... Oct.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Allison Lisa Cohen, a daughter of Sheila and Irwin Cohen of Mamaroneck, N.Y., is to be married today to Kevin Scott Stahl, the son of Jacqueline and Harvey Stahl of West Orange, N.J. Rabbi Jeffrey Sirkman is to perform the ceremony at the Beach Point Club in Mamaroneck.
The bride, 26, recently completed her second year at the Columbia University School of Law and is a summer associate at Simpson Thacher & Bartlett, the New York law firm. She graduated with honors from Haverford College. Her father is a senior partner in Benson Associates, executive recruiters in New York. Her mother teaches the fifth grade at the Central School in Mamaroneck.
The bridegroom, also 26, is an associate in the acquisitions department at the O'Connor Group, a real estate company in New York. He graduated with honors from Lehigh University. His mother is an antiques dealer in West Orange. His father owns Bag Specialists Inc., a manufacturer in Newark.
WEDDINGS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Two RCA Corporation employees who pleaded guilty to obtaining and transporting classified Pentagon budget documents were sentenced on Friday to two years' imprisonment, with all but a few months suspended.
Two RCA Corporation employees who pleaded guilty to obtaining and transporting classified Pentagon budget documents were sentenced on Friday to two years' imprisonment, with all but a few months suspended.
Ronald B. Stevens and Leonard C. Kampf pleaded guilty on Feb. 5, the same day that RCA, a unit of the General Electric Company, pleaded guilty and paid $2.5 million to cover criminal and civil liabilities.
The cases stemmed from an investigation of trafficking in classified documents by leading Defense Department contractors.
Mr. Stevens, a manager of marketing services at RCA's Aerospace and Defense division in Cherry Hill, N.J., was sentenced to two years' imprisonment, with all but two months suspended, and 100 hours of community service.
He was also placed on one year of supervised probation and fined $3,000.
Mr. Kampf, manager of marketing information and communications in RCA's Government Systems division in Cherry Hill until his retirement in 1984, was sentenced to two years' imprisonment, with all but four months suspended, and 100 hours of community service. He was also placed on one year of supervised probation and fined $5,000.
The two had faced maximum possible sentences of 10 years in prison.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>De PROSPO-Dr. Chris J., 90, pioneer in the field of special education died September 7, 2000 in Maryland. Dr. De Prospo rose through the New York City public education system to become full professor and department chair of special education at The City University of New York and, later, at Southern Connecticut State University. He is survived by his wife of 52 years, concert pianist, Ann Palmer De Prospo, of North East, MD., son, Professor Richard De Prospo and daughter-in-law Erin Murphy of Chesapeake City, MD. and four grandchildern.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A chastened President Bush now concedes that he hasn't done enough in the fight against AIDS, and says he's ready "to go the extra mile." Those are welcome words from a man whose listless leadership on AIDS was thrown into sharp relief by Magic Johnson's bold disclosure that he was infected with the virus.
But if Mr. Bush is serious, he'll need to transform the way his Administration views the epidemic. It's not enough to ask Magic Johnson to become a member of The National Commission on AIDS, which the President did yesterday. True, that's an important gesture. Mr. Johnson holds special significance to Americans, particularly young blacks, the group among whom the epidemic is spreading the fastest.
Beyond that, the President must also pay some attention to the commission's report, which met with a muted response in the White House when it was released two months ago. The report criticized the President for rarely speaking out on AIDS. The commission also pointed out deadly flaws in the Government's treatment and prevention strategy.
The Government urges infected people who are not yet ill to take drugs to delay the onset of the disease. But there are too few research, counseling or testing programs to handle the load, and too little health insurance to pay for it.
Furthermore, intravenous drug users are now the major source of infection in some sections of the country; they spread the virus to other addicts by sharing needles, or to non-addicted partners through sexual intercourse. But treatment that would make them drug-free is still in short supply.
Frank discussion of sexual practices is the only proven way to change risky sexual conduct. Yet the Government recently killed two studies of sexual behavior, one because of explicit questions. This prudish stance blunts the most powerful tool we have against the disease.
Vice President Dan Quayle symbolizes another Administration blind spot. Last weekend he said abstinence was the only way to stop sexual transmission of HIV. Today's teen-agers are sexually active on an unprecedented scale. Better to teach them to protect themselves than see them die.
Mr. Bush can build on the dramatic focus that Magic Johnson has given the AIDS problem. The methods are clearly at hand. All the President has to do is lead.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>He played against Mickey Mantle and with Jackie Robinson, Sandy Koufax and the 1962 Mets, managed Dave Winfield and Carl Yastrzemski, watched Bucky Dent's fly ball hit the net above the Green Monster at Fenway Park. And he was there when Charlie Hayes caught the pop-up to end the 1996 World Series.
Don Zimmer is like Dustin Hoffman's character in the movie ''Little Big Man,'' similar to Tom Hanks's character in ''Forrest Gump'': he seems to have been everywhere and seen everything in his half a century in professional baseball. This year, the Yankees' bench coach is wearing No. 50 to commemorate his tenure.
Zimmer's favorite and most devastating moments are intertwined. In 1978, he was the manager of the Boston Red Sox, a team that lost a 14 1/2-game lead to the Yankees, then made a mad rush at season's end to force the one-game playoff that lives in the hearts of Red Sox and Yankee fans. To get to that game on that Monday in October, Zimmer said, was his greatest moment. Two great rivals with great players, playing great baseball at the end of the season, the pressure monumental, the stakes extraordinary.
Zimmer said he once had a friend who managed an expansion team, and in a private moment, this friend said he felt he was in a perfect situation, with a multiyear contract and no expectations for success. Zimmer was stunned. ''There was pressure in Boston, and that was thrilling,'' he said. ''I'd rather be in that situation any time.''
The Red Sox led, 2-0, when Dent came to bat in the seventh inning, two runners on. Usually, October days in Boston are cool, fly balls don't carry well. This particular day, Zimmer remembered, ''was a beautiful day, about 70 degrees, the wind was drifting out toward right.''
When Dent, swinging with his hands choked up on the bat, hit Mike Torrez's pitch, Zimmer remembers thinking, ''Good, that's an out, no problem.'' Then he saw Yastrzemski drifting back, looking up, until the ball rippled the net above the fence.
Zimmer is surrounded here by members of that 1978 Yankee team who are now working for the Yankees -- Reggie Jackson, Goose Gossage, Chris Chambliss, Mickey Rivers, all the core players other than Thurman Munson and Dent. ''And they show that tape about four times a day at Yankee Stadium,'' Zimmer said.
Does he turn around when the videotape is replayed? ''I watch it,'' Zimmer said, probably still wondering how Dent's fly ball carried.
When relating some of his 50-year favorites, Zimmer does not choose from only one generation of ballplayers. Rather, he selects those he played against as well as those playing now. Koufax was the best pitcher he saw for a five-year period, but if the standard of time is lengthened, he said, it's Atlanta's Greg Maddux.
Some of Zimmer's other superlatives:
Most courageous player -- ''Jim Abbott. To pitch with one hand -- how can you have more courage than that?''
Best change in the game -- ''Free agency for the players, the right for them to move around.''
Worst change in the game -- guaranteed contracts. Zimmer believes that in some cases, the security naturally diminishes a player's compulsion for performance. Zimmer said, ''Gene Mauch once made a statement, 'Give me 25 guys in the last year of their contracts.' ''
Best overall player -- Willie Mays. ''He just could do everything,'' Zimmer said.
Best defensive player -- Roberto Clemente. ''But, gosh, there have been a lot of great ones,'' Zimmer said. ''Roy McMillan, he was terrific. How could you not pick a guy like Ken Griffey Jr.?''
Best pure hitter -- Henry Aaron, baseball's career home run leader.
Player with best sense of humor -- Moe Drabowsky, a pitcher who spent much of his career with the Baltimore Orioles. ''He was always doing something, setting hot foots, doing something to aggravate people,'' Zimmer said, smiling.
A player who would have been a star if not for an injury -- Karl Spooner, who pitched for the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1954 and 1955. ''You ask anyone who saw him,'' Zimmer said, ''and they say he would've been another Koufax. Big left-hander, nice easy motion until he released the ball -- boom! Great curveball.''
At the end of the 1954 season, Spooner pitched in two games, won both with complete games, allowing no runs, walking 6 and striking out 27. ''The next year, he hurt his shoulder, and the next time I saw him he had a scar from here to there,'' said Zimmer, touching his shoulder and running a finger down to his elbow.
Best way to survive in baseball for 50 years -- ''You've got to be lucky,'' Zimmer said.
INSIDE PITCH
HIDEKI IRABU played catch Thursday, tossing lightly 61 times without pain in his right elbow. If he feels all right on Friday, he will throw in the bullpen in Lakeland, Fla., before the Yankees' exhibition against Detroit, in preparation for a possible start against San Diego State on Monday. Should Irabu clear these hurdles, he will start against Oakland on April 5. . . . CHILI DAVIS, the designated hitter, is nursing a groin strain. There is a chance he will miss the season opener Wednesday, but the injury is not considered serious. . . . JOE TORRE said he will tell his three left fielders -- DARRYL STRAWBERRY, TIM RAINES and CHAD CURTIS -- how he intends to use them. It is likely that Strawberry will platoon against right-handed pitchers, but Torre must decide whether to play Curtis or Raines against left-handers. . . . Right-hander DANNY RIOS, placed on waivers this week to make room for ORLANDO HERNANDEZ, was claimed by the Kansas City Royals.
BASEBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Sara Pearson/Patrik Widrig and Company  Bessie Schonberg Theater
Large crates dominated the stage when Sara Pearson/Patrik Widrig and Company presented "Do You Remember?" on Wednesday night. Sometimes the crates in this hourlong production, designed by Carlo Adinolfi, were simply solid objects to dance on and around. At other times they symbolized friendly and hostile powers.
Stagehands frequently moved the crates about, bringing them together to form a single huge platform, only to separate them or stand them on end. Each shift of position affected the choreography created by Ms. Pearson with the assistance of Mr. Widrig. Dancers bounced and sprawled on the crates and kept jumping off and over them to a collage of taped music.
Although such sequences were inventive, they occasionally seemed nothing more than examples of the self-consciously clever things bright choreographers can do with props. Then, suddenly, the objects took on new meanings.
These transformations occurred when Marcela Ortiz de Zarate Broughton, a member of the company, began to reminisce about fleeing her native Chile after the military coup there in 1973. She spoke about her philosophically heterogeneous relatives, who included atheists, Communists and Roman Catholics, and about living in exile. As she did so, the crates were no longer just crates.
There were moments when the dancers treated them as shelters or islands of refuge. But without warning, the crates turned into walls to scale and barriers blocking escape. They also came to resemble prison cells. The theatrical ingenuity of "Do You Remember?" ultimately called attention to a whole moral and political world outside the theater. JACK ANDERSON<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: A ONCE-SMALL networking group for middle-management women that started in Stamford seven years ago now has become so successful that over 60 percent of its 250 members earn more than $50,000 a year and close to one in five tops $90,000.
A ONCE-SMALL networking group for middle-management women that started in Stamford seven years ago now has become so successful that over 60 percent of its 250 members earn more than $50,000 a year and close to one in five tops $90,000.
Women in Management, of Fairfield and Westchester Counties, is now considered so critical to success that young women just of college see it as the ideal way to meet the top local people in their fields rather than as a support group of peers, as was the case at the beginning, its members say. For the same reason, an increasing number of businessmen attend the public gatherings of the group. The programs have increased as well, to once or twice a week from once a month.
The change was noted by members and guests at the seventh Annual Recognition Dinner at the Sheraton Stamford Hotel last Monday - a gathering that drew more than 600 people, about 20 percent of whom were men. The change was also apparent in the caliber of the corporations that sponsored tables for the evening, the roster of names reading like a list of blue-chip stocks. Among them were A.T.&T., Avco Lyncoming, the Champion International Corporation, Clairol, General Electric, GTE, the Olin Corporation, Richardson-Vicks, the Union Carbide Corporation, Waldenbooks and the Xerox Corporation.
The success of many of the group's members has also had a fundamental impact upon the focus of the organization. ''We have become much more of a professional resource for each other,'' said Nicki Brown, first vice president of Women in Management and the president and chief executive office of the newly established Wilton Bank.
For example, she said she had been able to call upon members for the specific expertise of each while setting up the bank over the past year. ''You get an honest opinion from friends like that, not just what people think you want to hear,'' she said.
Much of that strength, noted Linda C. Jones, the president of Women in Management and an accountant, seems to have come from the fact that it is an interdisciplinary group with an ever-increasing diversity of backgrounds.
Members now include executives in marketing and finance, lawyers, engineers, developers and manufacturers. Moreover, a third of those women are now self-employed or entrepreneurs running their own small companies, according to a survey of the membership completed a year ago. At the beginning, all the members -there were about 30 - were employed by corporations.
The organization's growth and the successes of its members have had an effect on the nature of the programs - a shift that may be a harbinger of the way other women's professional groups may evolve. In place of some of the original discrimination issues, there are seminars on investments and taxes and even spinoff enterprises. An investment series early last winter, for example, led about 60 members to form a real-estate investment pool to puchase property in Connecticut.
The organization has also begun to deal more decisively with the wider problems faced by women in the executive suite. For instance, a subcommittee called Working Mothers of WIM has formed a referral network for child- and household care. Another subcommittee, Single Members of WIM, sets up social events for women who must deal with the loneliness of single life.
The new-found confidence and status of many of the women has enabled them to take a fresh look at their involvement in the community. ''When you are hungry you can't give to other people so easily,'' said Pamela Yardis, a public-relations director at Harper & Row in New York City. ''Now we have more of a chance.''
The volunteerism, however, is not a replay of the 1950's, when women were used to ''stuff envelopes and cook the hot dogs,'' said Ms. Yardis. Rather, the group is offering its expertise to organizations. For example, Ms. Brown, the banker, has become the treasurer of the Wilton Red Cross and the Wilton Y.M.C.A. Other members are providing business acumen for small child-care agencies in Stamford.
That confidence is affecting ways in which the women handle their business commitments. Jo Shute, who is 34 years old - most of the members are in their late 30's to 50's - and the manager of new business development at the Norwalk offices of the James River Corporation, a paper concern, brought her 3-month-old daughter to the dinner. ''I only have time to see Christina in the evening,'' said Ms. Shute, as she cradled the baby in her right arm and, in the other, hugged a handbag from which peeped a feeding bottle. ''And I didn't see it as out of place to bring her along. There's more of an acceptance of diversity. You do what works for you.''
The possible business benefits of the male corporate leaders associating with the group was summed up by John Murphy, executive vice president of Michael Simon Associates, an outplacement concern in Mount Kisko, N.Y. ''It's not only the higher-level men who are being laid off in this period of mergers and cutting back,'' Mr. Murphy said. ''Lots of the women in this room are losing their positions, too. We want to be among those who assist them.''
But there are still challenges. Ruth Lyon, a corporate-image consultant from Westport, says the time has come for successful women to take a more active role in promoting women who are starting out. ''Instead of pulling up the ladder behind us, we should say, 'I'm going to bring someone with me.' A group like WIM is ideal for that.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>TUCK-Edward Hallam. The Members of the Board of Directors of the Belgian American Educational Foundation mourn the loss of their colleague and friend, deceased in New York City. Edward Tuck served as Director of B.A.E.F. for 46 years. His strong support and wise counsel will be sorely missed. The Board extends its sincere condolences to his wife and family. Belgian American Educational Foundation.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>WHEN people die in train collisions, like the 2 engineers and a passenger killed in a commuter train crash in Secaucus, N.J., or the 11 on a Maryland commuter train that hit an Amtrak train in Silver Spring, both in early 1996, there are national headlines and detailed safety investigations.
But the attention might be better directed elsewhere: Far more people, more than 400 last year, died in the less noted but far more numerous accidents in which trains collided not with other trains, but with motor vehicles.
The Federal Railroad Administration counted more than 4,000 car-train collisions last year. ''Something comes over the fax every minute of every day,'' David Bolger, a spokesman for the agency, said with only slight exaggeration. His agency is running a long-term campaign to reduce the toll.
The Transportation Department's goal, set in 1991, is to reduce by 25 percent by 2001 the number of places where tracks cross roads. So far the number is down by a little more than 6 percent, to 268,000, with three years to go. The theory is that if crossings are combined, towns or highway departments can afford to pay for improvements at the ones that survive.
Those costs are high. The Transportation Department says a simple ''crossbuck'' railroad crossing sign costs $400 to $600, including installation; a flashing signal system can cost $60,000, and a gate across one lane can cost $15,000. An overpass can run $2 million to $3 million.
Of the 268,000 grade crossings around the country, 30,000 are ''active,'' with gates, lights or bells. The others have stop signs, or just signs that say ''Railroad Crossing.''
But the active features do not stop impatient drivers. Fatalities are divided roughly equally between the two kinds of crossings. Rarely do bells, lights or gates malfunction, Federal officials say, meaning that more than 200 people a year die because they ignore the signals. Others apparently look down the tracks and misjudge how much time they have to get across.
No one is sure why; one theory is that as passenger rail service has dwindled, few auto drivers have traveled on a train -- other than, perhaps, the monorail at Disney World -- and they do not realize how long it takes a train to stop. For a big freight train, the answer is often more than a mile.
Crossing the tracks against a signal is illegal, but enforcement is not a high priority for most police departments.
Seven high school students were killed in October 1995 in Fox River Grove, Ill., when a train plowed into the back of a school bus that had stopped at a traffic light, its rear hanging over the tracks. As a result, the Illinois Legislature revamped the state's law on train crossings and set a minimum fine of $500 or 50 hours of community service for drivers or pedestrians who cross in front of trains. To raise enthusiasm for writing such tickets, the Legislature said the money would go directly to local sheriffs.
The Federal Railroad Administration took another approach, putting police officers into the cabs of freight trains for a day.
''You'll see cars going across the crossings as the gates are coming down, or the lights are flashing,'' said Wade R. Ryerson, an investigator in the sheriff's office in Passaic County, N.J. ''You'll see a lot of cars at the last second, figuring they can make it.''
''Thank God they did make it when I was there,'' said Detective Ryerson, who took a ride through Maryland. ''You really feel for the train engineers -- you're helpless. You can put the train in emergency braking and pray, but it will take a mile to stop.''
The difference between car collisions and a car-train collision, he said, is that at the railroad crossings, ''every one of them's avoidable.''
Railroads are trying some new methods. In Los Angeles, for example, Metrolink, the local commuter agency, has set up boxes on utility poles that hold cameras. The cameras can record the license plate numbers of cars that cross the tracks against the signals. Violators can be issued tickets by mail.
''You don't have a camera in every little box,'' Edward R. English, director of the safety assurance and compliance office of the Federal Railroad Administration, said. Fear that there might be a camera deters daredevil moves.
Norfolk Southern is trying a different, simpler approach on a 90-mile stretch in North Carolina. At each rail crossing, it has put plastic lane dividers on the road to make drivers think twice about pulling to the left, into the lane of oncoming traffic, to get around the barrier before the train comes through.
People who would make such a move, and take the risk of being hit broadside by a roaring locomotive, will hesitate to do so now, railroad officials say. That is because the dividers could scratch the paint on their cars.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A front-page article on Sept. 25 about the College Board's creation of a commercial subsidiary to start a Web site for college applicants gave an outdated name for another company that operates a Web site with test-preparation courses and services relating to college admissions. That company, now a unit of the Washington Post Company, is known as Kaplan Educational Centers, no longer Stanley Kaplan.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>THE niftiest development in photography isn't some high-priced whiz-bang camera with electronic everything, or film so fast you can take a picture of a hummingbird flying through a coal mine at night. In fact, what may be the most important innovation in photography in recent years is decidedly low-tech, little more than a cardboard box folded around a roll of film, with a plastic lens stuck into one side. Welcome to the world of throwaway cameras.
The companies that make these cameras have a nicer name for them: Fuji, which introduced cardboard cameras in Japan in 1986, and Kodak, which entered the fray the following year with its Fun Saver line, call them single-use cameras. But whatever they're called, the models have been enormously popular, with more than 22 million sold last year, according to the Photographic Marketing Association, a trade group. With sales figures like those, throwaways have become the photographic equivalent of plastic razors.
HOW DO THEY WORK?  The basic concept of the throwaway is simple: a consumer buys one of the cameras, takes 24 or 27 shots contained on its preloaded roll of 35-millimeter film, then returns the whole camera to a lab for processing. After the lab prints the pictures, it returns the used camera to the manufacturer, which recycles the materials in it to make new cameras.
WHY USE THEM?  Convenience and price. If you go on a trip and forget to bring along your Nikon, you can always stop by the local drugstore or supermarket.
Kodak and Fuji's basic models sell for less than $10 each, while fancier versions sell for up to $20.
WHAT MODELS ARE AVAILABLE?  Fuji and Kodak, along with Konica, which recently introduced its own line of throwaways, offer a variety of models. In addition to plain-vanilla versions for taking pictures outdoors in sunlight, there are panoramic cameras, which produce elongated prints 3 1/2 inches high by 10 inches wide, and versions with built-in flashes for taking pictures indoors or in low light.
Kodak and Fuji also offer waterproof models that can be used to take pictures to a depth of 8 or 10 feet underwater. Both also make flash versions of their panoramic cameras, which can be used to take pictures of all the guests at a wedding banquet, for example.
ANY HIDDEN COSTS?  Getting the film processed raises the final cost of using a bare-bones camera. Most labs charge a dollar or so a print for the oversized prints produced by the panoramic models, about twice what ordinary prints cost.
ARE THERE OTHER FEATURES? A telephoto version of Kodak's Fun Saver has a medium-length lens for taking pictures at events where you can't get close to the action. And the viewfinder of Kodak's newest model, Fun Saver Portrait 35, includes a plastic outline of a person's head and shoulders that can be used to frame the subject to be sure distance and focus are accurate.
ANY OTHER BENEFITS?  Throwaways allow casual photographers a chance to take pictures that would otherwise require specialized equipment. Underwater or panoramic cameras sell for hundreds or thousands of dollars; with a throwaway, a person can take pictures on a scuba-diving vacation without having to invest a fortune in photographic hardware.
WHAT ARE THE DRAWBACKS?  All this convenience comes at a price. Single-use cameras provide few of the technological niceties that many photographers have come to expect. All offer one basic exposure and are what Kodak calls, euphemistically, "focus free." This means that the lenses are set at a small aperture so that anything more than three or four feet from the lens will appear in focus.
Still, the pictures produced are surprisingly sharp and adequate for people who only want to have snapshots of family outings. But the use of plastic lenses and fast film means that negatives cannot be enlarged substantially without the grain becoming noticeable. And the cameras' primitive viewfinders don't allow for precise framing and composition.
SURE THEY'RE CONVENIENT, BUT . . .  Anything designed to be thrown away is bound to be wasteful, no matter how avid the companies are at encouraging labs to return the used cameras for recycling.
For all this, there's no denying the growing popularity of throwaways.  And when you find yourself at your a graduation without a camera, being able to pick one off the supermarket rack can be very reassuring.
FIELD TEST<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>''The Anglo hegemony was only an intermittent phase in California's arc of identity, extending from the arrival of the Spanish.''
KEVIN STARR, the state librarian, on census figures showing that non-Hispanic whites are now a minority in the state. [A1]<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Accurate shooting and aggressive defense kept the Nets even in the fourth quarter, but they were unable to match the Mavericks in overtime tonight.
Accurate shooting and aggressive defense kept the Nets even in the fourth quarter, but they were unable to match the Mavericks in overtime tonight.
The Mavericks scored 12 points in overtime, 7 by Derek Harper, and defeated the Nets, 109-105, before an enthusiastic crowd of 9,877 at Byrne Meadowlands Arena.
Harper, who finished with 27 points, was the most effective player for the Mavericks in overtime, but Mark Aguirre was the man they relied on for the majority of the game. Aguirre Leads All Scorers
Aguirre led all scorers with 31 points, making 14 of 27 shots. Aguirre also matched James Donaldson's 10 rebounds for the Mavericks, who posted their sixth victory in the last seven games and 11th in the last 14.
Harper did in overtime what Aguirre had done in regulation for the Mavericks, who lead the Midwest Division with a 13-6 record.
After Dwayne Washington put the Nets ahead, 105-103, with a reverse layup with 1 minute 30 seconds left, Harper responded with a 3-pointer from the right side to put Dallas ahead to stay with 29 seconds left before Sam Perkins closed the scoring on a free throw with two seconds left.
''I was definitely looking for the 3,'' Harper said of his winning shot. ''I had confidence it was going in all the way.'' Gminski Paces Nets
The Mavericks made 5 of 9 shots in overtime, while the Nets (3-16) converted only 3 of 9 in absorbing their 12th loss in the last 13. They ended an 11-game losing sreak 24 hours earlier here with a victory over San Antonio.
Mike Gminski led the Nets with 24 points, including 11 in the fourth quarter, as he made 9 of 16 shots from the floor. Ben Coleman was next with 18 points from 8 shots in 15 attempts on a night the Nets made 43 of 84 shots, including a sizzling 12 of 15 in the fourth quarter.
''I was concerned about how we were playing in the fourth quarter,'' said John MacLeod, the Dallas coach. ''They really had a big fourth.'' After trailing since the early stages of the opening period, the Nets took the lead, 86-85, with 4:22 left in the fourth period, when Dennis Hopson drove the lane after a long outlet pass from Gminski.
The Nets forced the overtime when Dudley Bradley scored 3 points on a long jumper from the left side with 1:22 to go and Coleman tied it at 97 with a basket from underneath with 42 seconds left.
The Mavericks scored the first points in the overtime on baskets by Rolando Blackman and Harper, but the Nets retaliated on consecutive baskets by Washington and Coleman.
Harper put the Mavericks ahead again, 103-101, but the Nets scored the next two baskets, by Bradley and Wahington, to set the stage for the three-pointer by Harper with 29 seconds left.
The Nets called a timeout with 25 seconds left in the overtime to set up a play. Bradley threw it in to Coleman, who gave it to Washington on the right side. Washington relayed the ball to Hopson near the right corner for the shot, but Hopson's shot hit the front side of the rim and bounced away.
''The last possession we looked to get the ball to G-Man in the post,'' Coach Bob MacKinnon said referring to Gminski. ''If the shot wasn't there, he was supposed to kick it back out for a jumpshot. What we didn't want was a 3-pointer.''
A 3-pointer was what they attempted with Hopson, who admitted afterward it was not the kind of shot he wanted either.
''It was a bad shot,'' said Hopson, the rookie guard and the Nets' first draft choice this season. ''I rushed it.''
''Hopson was open and he had to take the shot,'' MacKinnon said, searching for an excuse for the rookie.
Hopson made another rookie mistake in the waning moments of regulation when he gained possession under his basket with four seconds left and failed to call a timeout.
''I thought there was more time,'' Hopson said.  Birdsong Injured
Add Otis Birdsong to the long list of injuries on the Nets. Birdsong suffered a slightly pulled right hamstring, but he is not expected to miss any games, according to Fritz Massman, the trainer.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>As they picked through the rubble of their lives, the people of southwest Georgia learned firsthand today about the capriciousness of nature. It was not just that the killer tornadoes that roared through on Monday night demolished some houses while leaving neighboring ones unscathed. It was that the storm selected its victims from across the spectrum of life, taking both those who were nearing the end and those who had barely begun.
Among the 18 people that officials now believe were killed by the storm were an 88-year-old grandfather and a 7 1/2-month-old girl. They were the oldest and the youngest victims identified thus far. They died separately here in Grady County, flung by the wind from demolished house trailers onto the loamy farmland of this rural, churchgoing region.
Both left grieving families, one mourning the unexpected conclusion of a rich and contented life, the other clinging to their faith that God always has a purpose, even for the taking of the most innocent child.
''Of course I don't understand,'' said Annette C. Harrell, the 58-year-old grandmother of the youngest victim, Kylie Rae Harrell. ''But I know God is in control and he has a purpose for everything that happens, and I'm accepting it that way.''
Officials with the Georgia Emergency Management Agency today adjusted the death toll, saying that 18 had died in three counties, not 22 as it had previously reported. They attributed the difference to double-counting in the confused first hours of the storm as many victims were transported across county lines to hospitals or morgues.
The tornado was the deadliest to hit Georgia since 1944. The National Weather Service classified two of what apparently were at least four tornadoes as F3 storms on the Fujita scale, which ranks twisters from F1 to F5. An F3 tornado is considered very destructive, with winds from 158 to 206 miles an hour.
No other bodies were found today. Officials spent a clear and temperate day reconnecting downed power lines and providing food and shelter for homeless victims.
''It's just cleanup time now,'' said Capt. Sam L. Singletary of the Grady County Sheriff's Department.
At the request of Georgia officials, President Clinton declared that a major disaster existed in four counties, making federal money available for emergency housing and for grants and loans to those who rebuild.
As the relatives of 88-year-old John E. Hancock held a tearful reunion on the site where the man's trailer once stood, Kylie Rae Harrell's family spent the day in a waiting room at Grady General Hospital here, where the baby's father and step-sister remain hospitalized.
The child's mother, 28-year-old Shannon Harrell, died along with her infant daughter when their trailer was blown off its foundation into a field planted with kale and collards. Her father, Todd Harrell, 32, suffered broken ribs, internal injuries and a long gash along the top of his head. Her stepsister, Brittany, 11, smiled weakly today as she was wheeled down the hallway with her left arm in a sling and bandages on her face.
Shannon Harrell, who had been married to Todd for four years, had miscarried once before becoming pregnant with Kylie Rae, making the baby's delivery last June 30 all the more special, Annette Harrell, the baby's grandmother, said.
''The look on my son and his wife's face was just precious,'' she said. ''They were so devastated when she lost the first one, and they couldn't wait for her to get pregnant again. When she did it was a glorious event.''
Todd Harrell, a former tight end with the Cairo High School Syrupmakers -- so named because the area once produced bountiful sugar cane -- is a loan officer with a farm credit agency in this town of 9,300 people. He makes loans to the farmers who plant the cotton and peanuts and harvest the pecans that form the economic foundation of this area, just north of the Florida state line.
It is a region connected by long, two-lane highways that gently rise and fall over the landscape.
The Harrell family is well known here, with Todd being a leader of the Royal Ambassadors, a Bible-based scouting group at the Pine Level Baptist Church. He had been an active hunter and fisherman, but that changed when Kylie Rae was born.
''You could have given Todd all the money in the world and he would not have swapped it for his girls,'' said Ricky L. Powe, a friend since high school.
On the night of the storm, Todd Harrell tried to move his family to Mr. Powe's house when the winds picked up, but he did not have time. Before they could leave, the trailer was shattered. Despite his own injuries, Mr. Harrell managed to get Brittany to safety, but he apparently passed out before he could find his wife and daughter.
Mr. Powe said his neighbors found Shannon quickly, but walked past Kylie Rae several times, mistaking her in the darkness for a doll.
Today, the Harrells' belongings were strewn across the fields. Teddy bears, baby bottles and a crib mobile all spoke of the life that had been lived there.
A few miles to the north, Mr. Hancock's three sons and other relatives gathered where his trailer once stood to salvage a few belongings and to reminisce about the family patriarch. Mr. Hancock had been born in the area, lived most of his life in Jacksonville, Fla., and moved back with his wife in 1991 to live next door to his youngest son, Lee.
Lee Hancock, 49, and his wife had nearly finished restoring their 1900 farmhouse when the tornado crumpled it as they huddled in a doorway. They emerged without a scratch.
The elder Mr. Hancock, living in a double-wide trailer next door, was not so lucky. His body was found in a field across Old Newton Road, where the remains of his trailer were deposited in a heap four feet high. The foundation was reduced to a pile of concrete blocks, surrounded by a tangle of uprooted pecan trees.
Mr. Hancock had spent most of his life as a buyer and salesman for Colonial Stores and for Sears. But his primary love was his family, including his wife, his three sons and his five grandchildren. He and his wife had been married for 65 years when she died last October after a long battle wife Parkinson's disease.
During his wife's struggle, Mr. Hancock fed and bathed her and cared for her in every way, Lee Hancock said. After the family placed her in a nursing home a year before her death, Mr. Hancock continued to spend virtually all of every day with her.
''He did not miss a day that she was in there,'' he said. ''I tried to get him to go fishing at the beach with us, and he couldn't bring himself to leave.''
Mr. Hancock was active in the Midway Baptist Church. He also loved to tend his garden of tomatoes, okra, cucumbers and peas. He often spoke of how glad he was that he had moved back to southern Georgia, where he could be close to his sisters, brothers, nieces and nephews.
As they looked today for comfort and reassurance, the relatives of this devoted family man kept coming back to one point.
''The way we're looking at it is that Mom and Dad were married for 65 years and they're not separated anymore,'' Lee Hancock said. ''They came back together on Valentine's Day.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>All Alfonso Soriano needs, one of his former managers once said, is a clear sense of direction. Tell him what it will take to make the big leagues, and he will do what you ask and he will do it well. Yankees Manager Joe Torre gave Soriano his mission statement last week, and since then, Soriano has been the team's best player in camp and is forcing his way into consideration for a major league job.
Soriano had three more hits and two runs batted in during a 10-5 victory over Atlanta today. In two intrasquad and four exhibition games, he is 12 for 21 (.571), smashing line drives to all fields. He will not play his natural position, shortstop, for the Yankees, because of the presence of Derek Jeter. But with Shane Spencer hobbling, there is a void in left field and Soriano will probably get a chance to play there in the weeks to come.
''I just like his presence right now,'' Torre said. ''Very comfortable. He's just here to make the club. Even though he's a long shot coming in, who the heck knows?''
Soriano's continued emergence was only one of many good things that happened for the Yankees today. Orlando Hernandez started, threw two innings and demonstrated the same old antagonistic attitude on the mound, three times attempting to pick off Rafael Furcal at second base, even though there were two outs. ''It doesn't matter that it's spring training to him,'' catcher Jorge Posada said. ''He's just so competitive.''
Mike Mussina pitched two innings, throwing three styles of curveballs, the sense of pitching for the Yankees very natural to him. The team has made him feel quite comfortable, he said later.
Sid Fernandez, almost four years removed from his last major league appearance, retired all three batters he faced. Torre indicated that he is looking at Fernandez mostly as a candidate for one of the four available jobs in the bullpen, although Fernandez remains in the running for the No. 5 slot in the rotation.
Second baseman Chuck Knoblauch flubbed a ground ball, but he had two hits. Designated hitter David Justice had a hit and drove in a run in his first start of spring training. Mariano Rivera pitched a scoreless inning in his first exhibition appearance, and third baseman Scott Brosius had a couple of hits. Torre sounded pleasantly satisfied with all of this, until Soriano's name came up. And then Torre's eyebrows arched, and there was an excited lilt to his voice.
Soriano was the talk of camp early last spring, too, as the biggest bust. He struggled to field the simplest grounders and looked overmatched against any pitcher with a breaking ball. His problems in spring training probably limited his big-league opportunities for the rest of the season.
On the eve of the exhibitions this year, Torre met with Soriano, using the Spanish-speaking Bernie Williams as a liaison. Torre told Soriano that as long as Jeter was out of the lineup, then Soriano would be used as the shortstop in the exhibition games. When Jeter comes back, Torre told Soriano, Soriano will be used at other positions. Soriano, 23, had his mission statement.
''It cleared my mind,'' Soriano said through an interpreter. ''I had heard about the rumors about the trades, so this really made me feel good.''
The right-handed-hitting Soriano smashed a double halfway up the wall in right-center field in his first at-bat today, against Tom Glavine. In his second at-bat, Soriano ignored a breaking ball off the outside corner on a 2-2 pitch to run the count to 3-2 -- a sign of his new-found discipline -- then lined a single to right field. Soriano runs extremely well, and he later beat out an infield single and made a nice play on a bad-hop grounder, snaring the ball over his head before throwing to first.
As recently as 10 days ago, Soriano sounded wary about the idea of playing left field. But now that it is becoming apparent that his best chance to begin the season with the Yankees is as their left fielder, he is embracing the notion.
''I really want to be a part of the team,'' Soriano said, ''and help the team this year, in left field or at any other position.''
INSIDE PITCH
The Yankees have a scout watching Montreal's hard-throwing right-hander UGUETH URBINA, in the event that the Expos decide to trade him. . . . DEREK JETER increased the intensity of his workout Monday, as he comes back from a sore right shoulder, and he intends to take batting practice outdoors Tuesday. To date, he has hit only in batting cages. Jeter said he saw no reason he would not be able to play in games by this weekend. . . . Pitcher SCOTT KAMIENIECKI, who has had back trouble, threw batting practice Monday and may be within a week of returning to game action.
BASEBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Re ''Learning to Speak Their Minds'' (July 19): I was astounded to read of the reaction teachers had to dyslexic students' using voice-activated software. Because dyslexia is an invisible disability, many people do not understand the challenges that dyslexics face daily.
The use of technology has enabled people with disabilities to reduce their level of frustration and to succeed at school and work. May I suggest that people who oppose the use of assistive technology remove the grammar- and spell-check tools from their personal computers? The importance of technology in their daily lives will become acutely apparent.
Communities around the country would benefit economically and socially if the 20 percent of the population with learning disabilities had access to assistive technology.
LINDA SELVIN  New York
The writer is executive director of the New York branch of the International Dyslexia Association.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>An Amtrak train heading from Chicago to New Orleans crashed into a truck at a crossing in Bourbonnais, Ill., 50 miles south of Chicago, raising fresh questions about the safety of the country's track crossings. Eleven people were killed and more than 100 were injured.
The truck driver said the gates started closing after he was already crossing, but another truck driver behind him reportedly told investigators he saw the truck enter the tracks despite flashing warning lights. Investigators were trying to determine if the truck, which was loaded with steel bars, was attempting to going around the gates as they were descending. If tire tracks found nearby match those of the truck, they would show that the driver tried to defeat the system, investigators said.
PAM BELLUCK<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Compared with the volumes of reminiscence and commentary that have been written about Auschwitz, the drawings, paintings and graffiti daubed and scratched on the walls of the death camp by its inmates are enigmatic and incomplete. And yet these marks, which an American photographer has systematically searched out and recorded, are among the few enduring expressions that prisoners and victims left of their suffering.
Compared with the volumes of reminiscence and commentary that have been written about Auschwitz, the drawings, paintings and graffiti daubed and scratched on the walls of the death camp by its inmates are enigmatic and incomplete. And yet these marks, which an American photographer has systematically searched out and recorded, are among the few enduring expressions that prisoners and victims left of their suffering.
Life and death at Auschwitz have, of course, been meticulously described and passionately evoked by the recollections of writers like Elie Wiesel, Primo Levi and Tadeusz Borowski, who survived the camp. The records and photographs of the Nazi administrators also testify to the years of anguish and genocide. At the memorial and museum at Auschwitz, displays of shorn hair and piles of confiscated toothbrushes, shoes, crutches and eyeglasses all denote the quantitative aspects of the horror.
Often this evidence attesting to the scale of mass murder overwhelms visitors and tends to diminish the awareness of individual torment and pain. The guides recite the awesome statistics: four million killed, as many as 24,000 a day processed in the crematoriums, 16 pounds of gold shipped daily to Germany from the dental fillings of the dead.
But on a door of a cell, or on a beam, or in a painting commissioned by the camp supervisors, are the declarations and cryptic allusions of people bearing witness to their own specific suffering. Who, for example, was Mirjam Braun and why, on July 8, 1944, did she scratch her name and the date into a brick, adding a Star of David alongside? The Search for Answers
The questions left by the markings far outnumber the answers, though Polish and foreign researchers have established some of the facts behind the drawings and sketches. Some were commissioned as beautification projects. Some were calendars. Some were professions of love and patriotism by the condemned and tortured.
It was the plaintive human voice in all these that first attracted the interest of Joseph Czarnecki, who as a news photographer working in Poland had gone to Auschwitz many times since 1980 to cover visits of dignitaries or returning inmates.
''Like everyone who visits the camp I was overwhelmed by feelings of shock, rage and grief, but after a while I realized that my imagination was overloaded and that I wasn't always seeing what in fact was there,'' Mr. Czarnecki said. He decided to take time off to visit both the work camp at Auschwitz and the adjoining rows of barracks at Birkenau, looking at every wall and pillar.
The first large painting he noticed was a work obviously commissioned by the Nazi staff to portray the building of the Konigsgraben, a canal near the camp. Inmate laborers are shown digging under the eyes of guards waving swagger sticks. In a corner of the mural two inmates carry an apparently exhausted prisoner spread-eagled on their backs. All the figures are sketchily rendered except one, an inmate whose face stands out in great detail. It is perhaps a self-portrait. The expression is one of disgust and something akin to self-loathing.
Mr. Czarnecki, 41 years old, was helped by the museum curators, who led him to other works in rooms that are not open to the public. He spent weeks using a large studio camera to record what he calls the lost art of Auschwitz. With the help of a grant from the International Center of Photography in New York, he assembled 72 photographs that he is preparing for publication; he is weighing several publishing options.
Among the works ordered by Nazi administrators is a mural showing children at play. One boy rides a hobby horse; another pulls a toy dog. The paintings were found near the barracks where twin and dwarf children were subjected to often-fatal experimentation by Nazi doctors.
Three other decorative paintings, including trompe l'oeil pictures of soap, shaving brushes and perfumes on bathroom walls, were done by Lucjan Motyka, an inmate who from 1964 to 1971 was the Polish Minister of Culture. In an interview, he recalled how he came to paint the pictures. Dreams of Mountains and Space
He had been brought to Block 8, where prisoners were kept in quarantine before being assigned to work details. He recalled that when the capo, or block trusty, asked for volunteers who could paint, he raised his hand quickly, though he had been only an amateur artist. Once given an assignment, he said, he worked slowly, spending days on each.
He particularly remembered a landscape he created: ''A man in prison dreams of mountains and space, and I thought of the Tatras.''
The origins and meanings of some other paintings are more obscure. There is a ballerina, and a fresco showing camels in a caravan.
In one cell where prisoners awaited execution by hanging or firing squad is a scratched work of desperate art testifying to one fully comprehensible tragedy. There is a drawing on the wooden door of a large-eyed woman, and on the wall there are the inscribed names of Edward Galinski with his number, 531, and Mally Zimetbaum with her number, 19880.
Their story has been written about extensively in Poland, often with allusions to Romeo and Juliet. Mally Zimetbaum was a 24-year-old Polish-born Jew deported to Auschwitz from Brussels. Edward Galinski, five years younger, was a naval cadet at the start of the war and was one of the first prisoners assigned to Auschwitz. He was not Jewish.
The two managed to escape together, the young man in an SS uniform. At the Czechoslovak border she was captured, and he then surrendered. They were brought back to Auschwitz. He was kept in three different cells, and in each he wrote his name and hers and drew her likeness. He was hanged in one part of the camp and she in another. As she stood on the gallows she slashed her wrists with a hidden razor.
WARSAW JOURNAL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
The Facing Off column (''A Matter of Degrees,'' March 20) discussed problems for student doctors from the point of view of the teaching hospitals. As a patient, I had a different kind of problem, caused by the supervising doctor.
Some years ago I was treated for breast cancer. My surgeon had residents working with him. Regularly, I would first see a resident, then the surgeon accompanied by the resident. I came to dread these meetings because the surgeon seemed to delight in correcting and humiliating the residents in my presence.
He also spent more time explaining my condition to them than to me. Far from objecting to being cared for by resident doctors, I preferred their patient, courteous treatment.
I have resolved that I will not accept such treatment in the future, but who knows how firm that resolve will be if I am sick and vulnerable? Doctors need to be taught that courteous behavior is essential to good patient care.
DEBORAH McNEIL  Seattle<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>ERICKSON-Viola B. The Westchester Arts Council extends heartfelt condolences to the family of Barbara and Richard Dannenberg on the passing of Barbara's mother Viola B. Erickson. Our thoughts are with you.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>BASEBALL
American League  BOSTON RED SOX--Agreed to terms with INF Alex Cora on a two-year contract.  DETROIT TIGERS--Agreed to terms with RHP Craig Dingman, LHP Tim Byrdak, LHP Vic Darensbourg, C Steve Torrealba, INF Mike Hessman, INF Kevin Hooper and OF Jackson Melian on minor league contracts.  OAKLAND ATHLETICS--Named Bob Geren manager.  TEXAS RANGERS--Agreed to terms with RHP Franklyn German, INF Ramon Vazquez, LHP Matt Merricks and INF David Matranga on minor league contracts.  TORONTO BLUE JAYS--Agreed to terms with DH Frank Thomas on a two-year contract.
National League  CHICAGO CUBS--Announced the resignation of Sharon Pannozzo, director of media relations, effective Dec. 31.  LOS ANGELES DODGERS--Announced the retirement of 3B Bill Mueller and named him special assistant to the general manager.  METS--Agreed to terms with INF Damion Easley on a one-year contract.  PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES--Agreed to terms with INF Wes Helms on a two-year contract.
BASKETBALL
National Basketball Association  NBA--Fined Jeff Van Gundy, Houston coach, $25,000 for publicly criticizing the officials.
FOOTBALL
National Football League  BUFFALO BILLS--Signed TE Brad Cieslak from the practice squad.  DETROIT LIONS--Signed WR Corey Bradford to a one-year contract. Released WR Kevin Kasper.
Arena Football League  AUSTIN WRANGLERS--Signed WR Otis Amey, DL Patrice Mwamba and DL Rob Schroeder. Waived OL-DL Rob Murphy.  GRAND RAIDS RAMPAGE--Signed DB Jonathan Ordway.  LAS VEGAS GLADIATORS--Signed OL Adrian Gonzalez.  NASHVILLE KATS--Signed OL Will Heineman.  UTAH BLAZE--Signed DB Brandon Everage.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>ADD one specific set of credentials to the long list of desirable qualities in a fund manager. That is C.F.A., or chartered financial analyst.
Stock fund managers with that designation have turned in superior performance, according to a study by Ravi Shukla and Sandeep Singh, assistant professors of finance at Syracuse University and the State University of New York at Brockport, respectively.
In an article in the Financial Analysts Journal, the academics said they examined the returns of 223 stock funds that kept the same managers from July 1988 through June 1993. After breaking the funds into two groups, they found that the funds run by chartered financial analysts had higher returns than the others. The difference was most pronounced among aggressive-growth funds.
To become a chartered financial analyst, money managers must pass three tests on securities, accounting and similar matters. Roughly half the people who take the tests pass the first two parts, and three-quarters pass the final one. There were 28,000 candidates this year, up from 7,100 in 1987. To find information about a manager's education and training, check the fund prospectus or call the fund company. Getting Together
The merger pace is picking up. The Twentieth Century group, whose speciality is stock funds, is acquiring Benham Management International, a group that specializes in bond funds and is based in Mountain View, Calif. The deal needs the approval of Benham's shareholders. The combined group would manage $37 billion in more than 50 funds, all sold without sales charges.
The Colonial Group, Boston, is merging with Liberty Financial Companies, also of Boston, which manages 22 funds, many under the Stein Roe name.
United Asset Management picked up tiny but powerful Pilgrim Baxter & Associates, which runs PBHG Growth and PBHG Emerging Growth. Breather for Bonds?
With the dollar dipping to new lows practically every day, should bond buyers worry? Though the dollar is not necessarily healthy for the long term, the worries about its condition are overblown, said William H. Gross, an expert on fixed-income investing with the Pimco family of funds. Because Americans don't save enough, he said, the country relies on the savings of strangers, meaning long-term problems. But the Federal Reserve will probably sit tight for some time rather than raise interest rates further. "It's the perfect circumstance for a money manager who believes that bonds won't go up much, won't go down much, but will earn an attractive coupon along the way," he said. Change at Fidelity
Jeffrey Ubben resigned as manager of the $4 billion Fidelity Value fund to join Richard C. Blum & Associates, an investment firm in San Francisco. His successor is Bettina Doulton, manager of Fidelity's Advisor Equity-Income and VIP Equity-Income funds. Tax Help
Just in time for tax season, Scudder Funds has published a new version of its booklet, "Tax Issues for Mutual Fund Investors." Call 800 225-2470, extension 8444, for a free copy. "Tax Do's and Don'ts for Mutual Fund Investors" is available without charge from the Investment Company Institute at 1401 H Street N.W., Suite 1200, Washington, D.C. 20005. New Funds
Warburg Pincus Japan OTC is a way to bet on small Japanese stocks and comes from the people who brought you the top-performing Warburg Pincus International fund.
Small stocks in the United States are the province of Stein Roe Special Venture.
Price Capital Opportunity aims for capital growth and has great flexibility to buy growth and value stocks and big and small stocks, but the portfolio will be concentrated in a small number of issues, meaning greater risk.
Matthews International Capital Management, San Francisco, has started Matthews Korea, the first mutual fund here to invest heavily in South Korea. In Brief
To attract new shareholders, Investment Advisers Inc. has reduced the initial purchase requirement for its IAI funds to $1,000 from the usual $5,000 through mid-April.
T. Rowe Price Adjustable-Rate U.S. Government, never a stellar performer, moved to another investment category on March 31, when it changed its name to Short-Term U.S. Government.  MUTUAL FUNDS: FUNDS WATCH<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Re ''Death Be Not Loud,'' by Maureen Dowd (column, Nov. 6):
As a veteran, I sorrowfully regret the deaths of any and all service members in war. While President Bush has expressed his sincere concern and sorrow for those who have been killed in action, it would be very impractical for him to spend his time at funerals.
Please let us know what Franklin D. Roosevelt did during World War II, especially in 1944 leading up to his re-election, or for that matter, Harry S. Truman during the Korean War, or Lyndon B. Johnson during Vietnam.
HENRY L. MURRAY  East Hampton, N.Y., Nov. 6, 2003<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Stocks ended narrowly mixed yesterday as investors remained cautious about the course of the economy, the dollar and the nation's budget and trade deficits.
Stocks ended narrowly mixed yesterday as investors remained cautious about the course of the economy, the dollar and the nation's budget and trade deficits.
After being down about 11 points in early trading because of initial weakness in dollar, the Dow Jones industrial average had rebounded to an 11-point gain at 2:45 P.M. The Dow spurted 10 points more in late program-related trading but then fell back to close with a gain of only 6.63 points.
In the broader market, prices were narrowly mixed throughout the session as bargain hunting in the blue chips failed to offset a marginal decline in the overall market. Declines Edge Advances
The Dow ended at 1,848.97 as declines on the New York Stock Exchange, at 755, barely outnumbered advances, at 753.
Broader market measures than the Dow were slightly higher. The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index rose 1.45 points, to 233.45, while the New York Stock Exchange composite index edged up 0.71, to 131.21.
As measured by the Wilshire Associates 5,000 Equity Index, stocks rose $9.29 billion in value yesterday.
Volume on the Big Board, which languished throughout the day, was 148.9 million shares, down slightly from 149.9 million shares of Tuesday.
Gene Seagle, director of technical research at Gruntal & Company, said that, although the market settled back near the close, downward pressure was decreasing as sellers moved to the sidelines. Potential Buying Power Seen
''This means that overhead resistance is lessening as we approach the seasonal year-end rally,'' he said. ''Early tax-loss selling is adding potential buying power. Therefore, the market should find it easier to sustain an advance above the recent 2,020 resistence level, a point closely watched by market technicians.''
Although yesterday's investor emphasis appeared to be on blue chips, some experts saw potential strength in the secondary market. ''There are lots of financially strong, highly profitable smaller companies that look like better values that many blue chips,'' said Charles Dawkins, portfolio manager at the Aetna Life Insurance and Annuity Company.
Analysts also noted that the Dow transportation average appeared to be breaking out of its recent tailspin. Yesterday, the average rose 5.29 points, to 702.43.
Among individual issues, E.F. Hutton slipped 1/4, to 27 3/8, in active trading, while Shearson Lehman Brothers Holdings rose 1/2, to 15. It was widely reported yesterday that Shearson had reached a tentative agreement to acquire Hutton in a $1 billion deal that would create a giant investment firm.
Among actively traded blue-chip stocks, International Business Machines was down 3/4, to 110 1/2; American Telephone and Telegraph was up 1/8, to 27 1/8, and Eastman Kodak was up 1/8, to 45 3/4.
Oil stocks ended generally higher after being mixed in early trading. Mobil rose 1 3/8, to 36 1/8; Amoco 1/4, to 65 1/4; Exxon 3/4, to 37 3/4, and Pennzoil 2 3/4, to 78.
Texaco jumped 2 points, to 33, amid reports that new settlement proposals were being discussed in the multibillion-dollar legal dispute it is having with Pennzoil.
On the American Stock Exchange, the Amex market-value index edged up 0.14, to 241.82, while in over-the-counter trading, the Nasdaq composite index dipped 0.02, to 305.22.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LISKIN-Elliot. April 5th. On this birthday and every day, always remembered . . . always loved and ''the memories linger on''. Grandchildren, Children and Joyce<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: Senator Dan Quayle has drawn little criticism from veterans' groups for serving in the National Guard during the Vietnam War, but his votes on several pieces of legislation have caused them more concern.
Senator Dan Quayle has drawn little criticism from veterans' groups for serving in the National Guard during the Vietnam War, but his votes on several pieces of legislation have caused them more concern.
''On national security issues, Quayle has a pretty good record,'' said Jim Magill, the director of national legislative services for the Veterans of Foreign Wars. ''On social issues that affect veterans, mainly combat veterans, that's another question.''
Phil Riggin, the American Legion's legislative director, said of the Republican Vice-Presidential nominee: ''He's just not deeply involved in veterans' issues. He shares that circumstance with 60 to 70 other senators.'' Time Spent on 'Security Issues'
Jeff Nesbit, a spokesman for the Indiana Senator, agreed with Mr. Riggin's assessment. ''He spent more time on traditional national security issues, as a member of the Armed Services Committee, and has never served on the Veterans' Affairs Committee,'' Mr. Nesbit said. ''He has not been involved in veterans' issues.''
Mr. Nesbit said that the Senator voted in 1984 for legislation to direct the Veterans Administration to develop procedures for evaluating the conditions of veterans who claim illnesses as a result of exposure to the wartime defoliant Agent Orange. And he said that both Indiana Senators had recently persuaded the V.A. to open a health facility in northern Indiana.
Last month, Mr. Quayle was one of only 11 senators to vote against creation of a Cabinet-level department to replace the Veterans Administration. ''He felt that veterans are well-served by the V.A.,'' Mr. Nesbit said, ''and that we didn't need another Cabinet-level position.'' A Change of Heart
Monday night, Mr. Quayle recanted that, in a speech to the Veterans of Foreign Wars annual convention in Chicago. The 41-year-old Senator joked that his July 12 vote against creation of a veterans' department was a ''youthful indiscretion.''
''I have recognized my mistake,'' said Mr. Quayle, who added that he now supported creation of the department.
Mr. Magill said that the Senator ''made a very good speech'' Monday night. ''We never paid much attention to Dan Quayle,'' Mr. Magill continued. ''He isn't on the Veterans' Affairs Committee. We are going to have to sit down with him and explain the needs of the veterans.''
But Paul S. Egan, national legislative director of Vietnam Veterans of America, said that ''If Vietnam veterans were relying on Dan Quayle's votes, we'd all be in pretty deep trouble.''
The same day that he voted against creating a Cabinet-level post, Mr. Quayle also supported an effort to weaken legislation that would allow limited judicial review of veterans' compensation cases. After this effort failed, Mr. Quayle voted for the overall measure, which was strongly supported by veterans' groups.
Last April, the Senator voted against a measure that would provide disability payments for veterans whose diseases resulted from exposure to radiation from nuclear weapons and atomic tests during World War II. Gerard Atchison, the Disabled American Veterans national communications director, said that ''the D.A.V. has championed the radiation bill for many years, and we regret any negative vote.'' Vote to Allow Closing of Centers
Last October, Mr. Quayle voted for an amendment that would have allowed the closing of community mental health centers for Vietnam Veterans. The Senate rejected the amendment. ''If the amendment had prevailed, the V.A. would have been able to close down the entire program,'' Mr. Egan said.
Last January, Mr. Quayle missed a vote on aid for homeless veterans because, Mr. Nesbit said, the senator was participating in a golf tournament sponsored by American Telephone and Telegraph Company in Pebble Beach, Calif.
In 1986, the Senator opposed an effort to enable veterans to participate in the Job Training Partnership Act, which he had sponsored as a member of the Labor and Human Resources Committee.
Dennis Rhoades, the American Legion's director of economics, said:''Unlike other federal manpower programs, the J.T.P.A. had no reference to veterans or their needs. We wanted to get the situation remedied, so we approached Quayle's staff. We were told that if we wanted veterans included, we should get money from the V.A.''
The organization wrote to Mr. Quayle, who responded that ''J.T.P.A. is not the vehicle by which Congress seeks to address the job training needs of veterans.'' Those needs were under the jurisdiction of the V.A., Mr. Quayle wrote, according to Mr. Rhoades.
Mr. Rhoades disputed the Senator. ''The legislative jurisdiction over veterans' employment is with the Labor Department, not the V.A.,'' Mr. Rhoades said.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>ROSEMAN-Jack. Young Israel of Flatbush mourns the loss of its member. Devoted husband of Betty, father of Surella Feit, Rena Reinhard and Chani Lichtiger. Rabbi Kenneth Auman Sheldon David, President<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: America has devised many new media for advertising, including cable television, auto bumpers, skywriters at the beach and blimps at the ballpark. Of them all, the most intriguing may be the human torso, medium for message T-shirts.
America has devised many new media for advertising, including cable television, auto bumpers, skywriters at the beach and blimps at the ballpark. Of them all, the most intriguing may be the human torso, medium for message T-shirts.
The messages parade past in endless variety. Some classics bear only a picture of Mickey Mouse or the Beatles or Colette. Some advertise trade names: Nike, Reebok, Cheerios. Some offer canned wisecracks like: ''I got this T-shirt in New York for My Wife. Good Trade.''
Others echo the old anti-war days with bitter, dated messages like: ''Join the Army. Visit strange and exotic places. Meet fascinating people. And kill them.'' Many provide a forum for name- and place-dropping. It's common to see the brown-and-gold legend, ''Hard Rock Cafe.'' A rarer one, reading ''Hard Rock Cafe/London'' makes a stronger impression.
That very place-name distinction may help explain why so many Americans eagerly turn themselves into billboards. We are advertising our taste, our humor, our exclusivity - often with surprising degrees of sophistication.
''Ski Aspen'' implies a somewhat upscale vacation - but ''Aspen Fishing Lodge'' implies something considerably higher on the scale. A little girl bears the message: ''My parents went to Puerto Rico and all they got me was this lousy T-shirt.'' A young man's shirt says, ''The Brenchley Arms, Miraflores, Lima, Peru, South America,'' denoting a far more discriminating traveler.
People who wear shirts proclaiming ''Bud'' convey a simple macho swagger. People who wear the blue-and-gold logo of Corona, the Mexican beer, may be flaunting their chic. People whose shirts say ''Anchor Steam Beer, San Francisco'' make a statement about exclusivity.
But whatever the precise motive may be, what all the T-shirt message wearers seem to have in common is a need, even a poignant yearning, to be noticed. Notice my taste, the shirts proclaim. Notice my sense of humor, my sophistication, my college. Above all, notice me!
Which makes all the more subtle the message conveyed by a young man seen running around the Central Park reservoir last weekend. His plain white T-shirt said absolutely nothing.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Tiptoeing through the thickets of Britain's ambiguous relationship with Europe, the Government revived its support for the euro single currency today without venturing away from its caution about joining.
Robin Cook, the Foreign Secretary, chose a business audience in Japan -- a major source of investment in Britain -- to laud the eight-month-old currency as a positive economic force. ''It's too early to reach a firm view,'' Mr. Cook said, ''but already there are signs that the euro is bringing a new strength to the economies that are part of it.''
Anywhere else, such remarks might be depicted as innocuous. But the euro is a deeply divisive issue here, and the Labor Government is worried that it could forfeit its broad electoral support by pushing British voters too fast toward joining it.
Britain remained on the sidelines when the euro was introduced last January, saying it would consider joining only if economic conditions seemed propitious and only if British voters approved the idea in a referendum after the next general election, which must be held in May 2002 at the latest.
Since then, the Government's apparent support for the idea has been jolted, first by European parliamentary elections in June, when the Conservative opposition scored surprising gains with an anti-euro ticket, and by what seem to be stubborn economic differences between the Continent and Britain. Most significantly, British benchmark interest rates are twice as high as those in the countries that use the euro. Eddie George, the governor of the Bank of England, has said the economic gap would make British membership risky.
Even though Mr. Cook's remarks in Tokyo seemed almost hesitant, skeptics on the euro immediately labeled them extremist. Stuart Gulleford, a spokesman for the Euroskeptic Campaign for an Independent Britain, which has support from people in both Labor and the Conservative opposition, said the minister's comments showed a ''dogmatic commitment to the abolition of the pound.'' Offsetting domestic opposition, though, Britain faces pressure from euro members to join if it is to maintain European influence, while foreign investors interested in Britain as a base for the wider European market have raised questions about Prime Minister Tony Blair's intentions.
''I know that when you look at Britain as a place for investment, you're not just sizing up Britain on its own,'' Mr. Cook told the Japanese business leaders. ''You're also looking at Britain's place in Europe.''
He added, ''Today, I give you a guarantee that under Tony Blair, Britain's place in Europe is secure and the access of business to that market is secure.''
His remarks had been widely forecast in today's British newspapers and several commentators called them a significant step toward joining the euro because Mr. Cook focused on the currency's perceived successes rather than on its downward drift on foreign exchange markets. But his comments fell short of abandoning Britain's key conditions for membership.
''I assure you that if the euro proves a stable, successful currency, Tony Blair's Government will make sure that Britain is ready to take part, subject to the support of the British people in a referendum,'' Mr. Cook said. ''If the euro brings benefit to its members, we will not let Britain lose out by staying out.''
The markets showed little reaction. The euro was at 0.6593 pence against the pound, compared with 0.6616 pence on Friday. Against the dollar, the euro was at $1.0576, compared with $1.0612 on Friday.
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>IN the end, it came down to three faulty bits of computer code, three tiny flecks in a program with 2.1 million lines of instructions. Yet those three bits were enough to cripple phone service in Washington, Los Angeles and Pittsburgh in a spate of nearly identical network failures between June 26 and July 2.
The post-mortems are still in progress. But it now seems clear that the mishaps were merely the latest examples of an increasingly prevalent phenomenon: the software-induced calamity.
Computer glitches are not new, of course. But what is new is their potentially enormous impact, a development that stems from the pivotal role that software has assumed in all corners of life. Automobiles use computers to run anti-lock brakes, launch airbags, shift gears and set fuel mixtures.  The B-2 Stealth bomber uses computers to fly in a straight line, because the plane is aerodynamically unstable and needs continuous adjustments.
And as software becomes more sophisticated, it is increasingly being used to yoke together huge systems into ever-expanding networks. These advances produce many benefits, from automated teller machines that can dispense cash to customers thousands of miles from home to "self-healing" telephone networks that diagnose and repair many malfunctions automatically. But they also multiply the opportunities for malfunctions and magnify their impact when they occur. Indeed, the range of possible interactions between millions of instructions becomes astronomical, as unpredictable in some ways as the behavior of an organism.
The result is that when something goes wrong, even something very small, it can lead to widespread disruptions, injuries and sometimes even death. Yet many computer scientists agree that in complex systems it is impossible to eliminate all the bugs. "You can have all the testbeds in the world, and there will still be bugs that slip through," said Peter Neumann, a computer scientist at S.R.I. International, a research firm in Menlo Park, Calif.
It is hard enough to spot all the ordinary mistakes -- every misplaced semicolon, every missing digit -- in a program that may well be longer than the New York City telephone directory. But that is child's play compared with the need to anticipate every situation a complex system might face in the real world. An unusual sequence of events can trigger a cascade of entirely logical decisions that the programmers never dreamed of. Making matters more difficult, many programs are written by huge teams of programmers, none of whom may know precisely how the entire system works. According to the General Accounting Office, the combat computer aboard the Navy's Seawolf submarine was programmed by 900 different people.
"There is an almost Faustian bargain involved here," said Leonard Lee, a journalist and former systems engineer who recently wrote a book on software risks, "The Day the Phones Stopped." "As computers become more advanced, they become more reliable," he said. "But when they fail, it's much more spectacular."
Mr. Lee's book takes its title from a software-induced meltdown in January 1990 that knocked out almost all of American Telephone & Telegraph's long distance service for the better part of a day. In that instance, a seemingly minor malfunction at a computerized central switch in Manhattan kicked off a chain reaction that crippled about half of A.T.& T.'s switching facilities nationwide.
The book also recounts a hair-raising list of other debacles. In 1987, for example, a computerized radiation therapy machine inexplicably began giving lethal doses of X-rays to cancer patients. It turned out that a peculiarity in the software caused the machines to malfunction when technicians rapidly punched in a particular series of commands on the keyboard.
In the mid-1980's, the Army discovered that its new UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters would sometimes abruptly pitch down, killing 12 crew members in one crash and possibly causing nearly two dozen other accidents. The Army concluded that computer instructions controlling a horizontal tail flap were being garbled when the helicopter flew near power lines, radio towers and other sources of electromagnetic interference.
What makes software problems especially devilish is that the computer program is often carrying out its instructions perfectly. The problem, says Dr. Neumann, is that it is impossible to test all the ways that millions of instructions can interact with one another. The result: latent bugs that surprise any expert. "It often takes a very specific set of circumstances to trigger the thing," he said. "You cannot cover all the possible cases."
Add to that another layer of complexity, when computers owned and operated by different people become interconnected in giant networks. Telephone companies already link their local networks to long-distance carriers, independent satellite and fiber-optic services and to companies that provide specialized network management for large corporations.
This openness allows the telephone system to be used in many innovative ways, but it also multiplies the potential for software collisions. "You've got an environment where nobody is in charge," said Eli Noam, director of the Institute of Tele-Information at Columbia University's School of Business. "In the old days, Ma Bell was in charge of everything. Today, any phone call you or I make can easily pass through a half-dozen carriers." An Electronic S.O.S.
The recent telephone failures show the kinds of problems that many believe will become more common.  In each case, the failure began with a routine malfunction on a computer that serves as a traffic cop for routing calls. Ordinarily, the computer would simply take itself out of operation, route its workload to other computers in the network and repair the problem automatically. In these cases, however, three erroneous bits of information in a newly installed set of instructions made the computer go berserk and spew out a flood of ersatz "maintenance" messages -- S.O.S.'s -- that overwhelmed every other call-routing computer in the network. What made these incidents frightening was that they occurred despite the presence of backup computers -- perhaps even because there were backup computers. Instead of containing the malfunction, each backup computer picked it up like a virus and passed it on to the others.
Telephone executives insist they now have the problem under control. But what other undetected bugs are lurking elsewhere in their networks, lying dormant until the right event triggers them?
Beyond that, investigators at the Federal Communications Commission worry that this kind of glitch might someday spread from a local telephone company across the country through the computers of long-distance carriers. In the recent case, the signal-processing computers that went haywire were not connected to those operated by other companies. But the telephone companies hope they soon will be, as part of what they call the "advanced intelligent network."
Within the next decade, these linkages will allow people to have "personal telephone numbers" they can use anywhere in the country. Arriving at a Los Angeles airport, for example, a person could simply punch his or her number into a pay telephone and order the network to route all calls from the home office.
But some critics contend that the time has come to be more realistic about the race for fancier services.  "We're just dumping computers, willy-nilly, into everything," Dr. Neumann said. "We should lower our expectations, so that we don't rely on them quite as freely as we do right now, at least in life-critical situations." BIT BY BIT
Each year, more and more of the machines that pervade life depend on software -- computer programs whose complexity can be roughly measured by the number of lines of instructions they include. Except where noted, the source is Leonard Lee, author of "The Day the Phones Stopped."  Hand-held bar code scanners: 10,000 to 50,000 lines. Source: Symbol Technologies Inc. Electronic four-speed transmission: 19,000 lines. Source: Chrysler Cellular telephone: 30,000 lines. Source: Motorola Air-traffic control computer: 130,899 lines. Automated teller network: 600,000 lines. Source: I.B.M. Telephone call-routing computer: 2.1 million lines. Source: DSC Communications Corporation B-2 Stealth bomber: 3.5 million lines. Combat computers aboard Navy's Seawolf submarine: 3.6 million lines.
In a letter to The Times on Aug. 6, Secretary of the Army Michael P. W. Stone responded that in the early stages of developing the Blackhawk, defenses against electromagnetic interference were adopted and that the phenomenon has not been responsible for any accidents.
Correction:  August 25, 1991, Sunday
An article on July 14 about problems caused by errors in computer programs reported that in the mid- 1980's, electromagnetic interference from power lines, radio towers and other sources was blamed for software malfunctions in the Army's UH- 60 Blackhawk helicopters. Citing as its source "The Day the Phones Stopped," a book by Leonard Lee, the article said that the interference caused an accident in which 12 crew members were killed and that the same problem was possibly responsible for nearly two dozen other Blackhawk accidents.
But the article, unlike Mr. Lee's book, did not acknowledge that the Army rejects this explanation for the accidents. In fairness the article should have included a comment from the Army.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Whoopi Goldberg is being Whoopi Goldberg, the home girl iconoclast with the metamorphic face and sandpaper voice, looking more Haight-Ashbury than Beverly Hills in her dreadlocks and granny glasses.
She is sitting in the very lush, very Biedermeier library of the St. James's Club in West Hollywood, her foot up in the chair, eating a hamburger, fries and onion rings. Outside, up and down Sunset Boulevard, in one of the world's vainest cities, starlets flaunt taut black minis and stiletto heels. Ms. Goldberg, whose age is reported to be anywhere between 37 and 43, is wearing rumpled jeans, thick socks, clogs and no makeup.
"There are just so many of us actors, and not everybody gets to be what I'm being," she said. "I'm like a little seed. You keep putting me in different soil, and in some soil I do really well and some soil, you know, you've got to feed the soil a little bit to strengthen me."
Famous for her film roles -- most notably an Oscar-winning performance two years ago in "Ghost" -- Ms. Goldberg seems to have been everywhere this year, with roles in "Sister Act" (a surprise hit this summer and now a best seller on video), "The Player" and "Sarafina!" Her next role will be opposite Ted Danson, with whom she is said to be romantically linked, in "Made in America," scheduled to be released next year.
This fall, too, the performer has been involved in a venture of a very different nature: "The Whoopi Goldberg Show," her own talk show (on Channel 9 in New York weeknights at 12:30). Here, it must be added, the success of Ms. Goldberg the television host has not matched that of Ms. Goldberg the film star -- though the show reflects the laid-back, self-effacing manner and style that makes her so popular on the movie screen.
"The Whoopi Goldberg Show," now in its third month, has developed into an eclectic, slightly off-kilter alternative to the big three -- David Letterman, Jay Leno and Arsenio Hall. On a dark, zenlike set, Ms. Goldberg chats with guests drawn from lineups that each week set up juxtapositions that might have Ice T one night, Al Gore the next.
There is no studio audience, no band or posse, no announcers. Ms. Goldberg does not follow the "monologue, question, answer, film clip, move down, next guest" routine. (There's only one guest per show.) It is an anti-talk show in much the same way that Ms. Goldberg is an anti-celebrity, with just a piano player and mellow, often gushing, never confrontational conversation between her and people she says she's intrigued by.
"I wanted to make it as comfortable as possible," she said. "I didn't want people sort of having the pressure of following my lead if I'm hysterically funny one night, and they're not particularly funny. I didn't want them to feel like they had to perform for an audience. I want people to feel comfortable enough to be themselves."
Some reviewers have found the show a little
too
comfortable. Variety described it as "fawning, treacly, reverent, safe," saying that Ms. Goldberg "displayed surprisingly little curiosity and seemed stiff, underresearched and deferential." Ratings have been poor, and there is talk that the show might be discontinued. In its first week, the program ranked 39th among syndicated shows in the Nielsen ratings, trailing the Arsenio Hall and Montel Williams's talk shows, tying Rush Limbaugh and beating "Family Feud." Recently, Ms. Goldberg has fallen to 73d place.
But the host doesn't consider herself part of the talk-show wars, nor does she obsess about who was on Arsenio or the "Tonight" show the previous week. The stakes seem not to faze Ms. Goldberg, who approaches the show as if it were just something else to do between projects. Some people garden; Whoopi Goldberg does a talk show.
Ms. Goldberg doesn't strive for timeliness in her guest selection, having taped nine shows a week for four months, a supply that will last the rest of the season. She hopes to draw viewers more interested in personality than in the latest book or hit single. The fact that she is a client of the superagent Michael Ovitz and is able to draw celebrities from the Ovitz stable to her show does not guarantee that her guests are the freshest names.
"We are not mainstream," said Rocco Urbisci, Ms. Goldberg's executive producer. "We are not playing the game. We are alternative programming. The philosophy of the show was to interview everybody. We don't have the surface interviewing where you get your plug in and get off."
Mr. Urbisci believes that given more time the show will eventually find its audience. He blames the low ratings not on Ms. Goldberg or her guests but on a lack of promotion. "I don't think the show was ever marketed correctly," he said. Genesis Entertainment, which syndicates the program, did not begin running its first promotional spots until this month. Wayne Lepoff, president of Genesis, said the company originally felt no need to promote the show because Ms. Goldberg's entry into the talk-show world had generated so much publicity.
Mr. Lepoff said the show has been difficult to market because of its widely varying time slots -- in cities like Chicago it is on after "Late Night With David Letterman" -- and the vulnerability of a format that depends primarily on the performance of a single guest. He adds that there are no plans to change the show. Its real strength, he said, is Ms. Goldberg herself. "The guests know she's going to be compassionate," he said. "She's not out to get them. She can relate to them because she's one of them."
The show is meant to be warm and hip, like cappuccino with your best girlfriend. It is not supposed to make news. Still, Ms. Goldberg was criticized for being conciliatory toward the white supremacist Tom Metzger, and a brief ruckus was created when Elizabeth Taylor, discussing Hollywood's reluctance to get involved in the AIDS crisis, said, "Without homosexuals, there wouldn't be this town." Encouraging her, Ms. Goldberg smiled and said, "Oh, go ahead, girl."
Many of her guests are personal friends who come on the show because, as Mr. Urbisci said, "they know she's not going to embarrass them."
At times, Ms. Goldberg seems not to be the big movie star with big box office but the curious fan finally getting to meet the legends she grew up wanting to be. The chemistry can lead to moments like the one in a forthcoming show in which Charlton Heston kisses her to see what people will think of an interracial kiss. "It took us all off our guard," Mr. Urbisci said. "It was like she was 16 years old. This was a legend. This was someone she has a great deal of respect for."
There is something peculiar about watching Ms. Goldberg, a woman who may be at the top of her form, competing against a Jane Whitney or Mr. Limbaugh for talk-show viewers. Ms. Goldberg said she's doing the program to break out of the "zany comedian" box. "I always seem to get caught up in other people's mind in one specific way," she said. "And I guess it's because they want me one specific way. But how boring is that? I'm much happier to try all kinds of things. No, I'm not going to be great at everything, but that's O.K."
At the St. James's Club, larger-than-life portraits of people like Clark Gable and Gloria Swanson stare dreamily from the library walls. These are the people Whoopi Goldberg, growing up in Manhattan, used to watch over and over on her mother's black-and-white television set, back when she was Caryn Johnson, practicing her acceptance speech for an Oscar in the living room and fantasizing about being Carole Lombard or ZaSu Pitts. Now, after her own Broadway show led her to movies and Hollywood, she is one of them, although she deliberately avoids the glamour. "She often plays the unbeautiful in her routine," said Jerry Zucker, who directed her in "Ghost." "She likes to play that with the dreadlocks. She likes to go in that outrageous direction. People shouldn't mistake that for the real Whoopi."
Viewers of "The Whoopi Goldberg Show" get a glimpse of another side of her in the opening credits, in which she struts and shimmies in black leggings, bangles and heels. It is chic and funky, a different Whoopi. "Every now and then I do that," she said. "I want it to be a choice, not a requirement."
She knows that if she blow-dried her hair, put on mascara and stopped shaving her eyebrows, new doors might open. Somebody even gave her a gift certificate for plastic surgery once. This is Hollywood, after all.
But she will have none of it. She is what she is. If she looks fat in "Sarafina!," it's because, she said, she was. She weighed 185 pounds. Asked if she had to gain weight for her role, she replied: "No, I was just fat when I got there. I put on weight, and then it goes away. I'm skinny in 'Sister Act.' Then I got fat. Who knows? It's a woman's body."
Oddly, her film success has not made it easier for her to get parts. Whether because of her race, gender or quirky public persona, she is still not on the top of most directors' short lists. Many of her biggest roles were created for someone else. "Sister Act" was intended for Bette Midler. Her role (a retired cat burglar) in the 1987 film "Burglar" was written for a man. And Jessica Lange was supposed to do the part Ms. Goldberg plays in "Made in America," about a woman whose daughter discovers that her father (Mr. Danson) was a sperm-bank donor.
Despite the range of characters she has played, she has found race to be a limitation in Hollywood. "I didn't think about it until I got here. Then everything you did was based on the fact that you're black, you're articulate, and it was a big shock to me. Think of all the movies that are made that I would be fine in that I'm not in because they require the two leads to fall in love."
Her first on-screen kiss was with another woman, Margaret Avery, in Steven Spielberg's 1985 film "The Color Purple." She had what she describes as "a very chaste kiss" with Sam Elliott in "Fatal Beauty," but it was edited out. In "Made in America," she does get to kiss Mr. Danson. "I'm fully clothed," she said. "I had a great time."
DIVORCED FROM HER SECOND husband, Ms. Goldberg has recently moved from Los Angeles back East to Connecticut. "I love L.A.," she said. "It's just that I love the East a little better in terms of the seasons. You need a break."
Her house, north of Los Angeles, is on the market. She said she was tired of commuting and would stay in an apartment when filming in Los Angeles. "I want those two hours back," she said, "so I am just reclaiming that part of my life."
Ms. Goldberg has a knack for turning negatives into positives. For example, three years ago when her daughter had a baby at the age of 15, the actress decided to let the Gap clothing chain use a family portrait of her, her mother, her daughter and her granddaughter in an advertising campaign.
"I said, 'O.K., I don't want pictures of this baby in The National Enquirer first,' " she explained. "If I've got to share this, if this has to become part of my public persona, I want it done in the most elegant way possible."
The magazine ad was a success. "I don't believe there's anything I can't do out there," she said. "I want to do as much work as I can, and I'll continue to take the best of what's offered, and I'll find ways to amuse myself, just because I think I should."
She takes off one of her jumbo hoop earrings and sets down a pack of Winstons. "I don't think in terms of failure," she added. "I think of things as not the right time or something that's outside of my capabilities. I don't feel like anyone outside of me should be setting limitations. People should be encouraging people to shoot for the moon."  TELEVISION<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The private equity firm Thomas H. Lee Partners is delving deeper into the talent management business, providing the financing for a deal that unites two of the music industry's best-known artist representatives, according to music executives involved in the discussions.
As part of the deal, the talent managers, Irving Azoff and Howard Kaufman, will create a new Front Line Management, a company with a roster of clients that includes the Eagles, Christina Aguilera and Jimmy Buffett. With the Lee investment, whose terms have not been disclosed, the managers are looking to expand by adding a number of other artist representatives.
The new company is expected to include, the executives said, a traditional talent-management operation and a second unit that would sell artist-related services including distribution, merchandising, fan-club operation and ticketing.
The deal also reunites Mr. Azoff and Mr. Kaufman, who were partners in the original Front Line management firm in the mid-1970's. Mr. Azoff left to become president of MCA Records in 1983, and Mr. Kaufman created a talent management company, HK Management.
It is not the first time the Lee company has invested in the talent side of the music industry. In September, Lee agreed to buy an equity stake in another talent management company, the Firm, whose clients include Linkin Park, Cameron Diaz and Clay Aiken.
Lee also owns a significant stake in the Warner Music Group.
Mr. Azoff, Mr. Kaufman and the Lee company could not be reached for comment.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>When Arazi flies the Atlantic from Paris to Louisville today for his date with destiny, he will travel the equine equivalent of first class on a chartered DC-8, with his groom in attendance and with two high-priced traveling companions in the adjoining stalls also headed for the Kentucky Derby.
No other Atlantic travelers are likely to be treated so royally for seven and a half hours, and no other travelers are likely to pay $20,000 apiece for the privilege.
Race horses have been flown across North America for years and across the Atlantic in increasing numbers recently. The Irish colt Go and Go flew across the ocean two years ago, won the Belmont Stakes by eight lengths and flew home again a few days later. Arazi raced in France all last year, flew to Kentucky the last week in October, won the Breeders' Cup Juvenile by five lengths, underwent arthroscopic surgery on both knees and then flew home for the winter.
Now, Arazi is commuting again in the style reserved for thoroughbred travelers. His itinerary actually began yesterday, when the English colt Dr Devious and the Irish colt Thyer were flown to Paris to spend the night in the same stable with Arazi so that they could share the flight to Louisville the next day. Like traveling horses everywhere, they are walked up a ramp into one of the cargo planes specially fitted with stalls by the horse-transport company, Mersant International Ltd. of Lexington, Ky.
"Horses are generally not sedated for flights," Sarah Munoz of the Mersant staff said. "Not unless they have problems. Arazi's been around the block. He certainly showed everybody last fall that he's a good traveler."
Leading trainers report that it costs about $7,500 to ship a horse from California to New York if the plane carries several horses, and about $40,000 to charter a plane coast to coast. The interiors can be rebuilt to accommodate as many as 45 stalls, and as few as one. Arazi and his two companions are sharing the $60,000 cost of their private jet.
Once the plane lands in Louisville, the horses will not be allowed to set foot on Churchill Downs for two days because of quarantine rules. Blood samples will be taken at the airport and flown by chartered jet to the National Veterinary Services Laboratory at Ames, Iowa. Meanwhile, the horses will be taken by van to the quarantine barn, across Central Avenue from Gate 2 at Churchill Downs.
After 36 hours and if the blood samples show no medical problem, the star travelers will finally be allowed to test the track sometime Tuesday. And by Wednesday morning, they should be working out beneath the twin spires, taking the first serious steps toward their trans-Atlantic run for the roses.  HORSE RACING<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A car bomb killed at least 16 people in New Delhi today, and a Kashmiri militant group took responsibility.  The bomb caused a fire in a building that contained at least 30 stores and a dancing school.
The Press Trust of India reported that a man claiming to speak for the Jammu  and Kashmir Islamic Front said it and another group, Lashkar-e-Sajjad, had taken "this serious step to thwart the Government's efforts to hold elections" in Kashmir on Thursday.
Muslim militants in Kashmir have called for an election boycott.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: LORRAINE SHIRKUS, a product designer and painter, imagined what a napkin might look like if an architect began doodling after being stood up at lunch. ''Faux Lunch,'' a cotton place mat and complementary napkin, is the result.
LORRAINE SHIRKUS, a product designer and painter, imagined what a napkin might look like if an architect began doodling after being stood up at lunch. ''Faux Lunch,'' a cotton place mat and complementary napkin, is the result.
Although the napkin and reversible place mat have drawings of houses and floor plans, they also have notes that have little to do with architecture. ''While he did his drawing, he remembered the groceries he needed to pick up, the dog food, diapers and arugula,'' said Ms. Shirkus, who owns Design Matters in San Antonio with her husband, Jeffrey Moore.
The napkins are mostly black on a pale-gray and white grid, with occasional splashes of color.
For inspiration, Ms. Shirkus used drawings by Richard Mogas, a San Antonio architect (she splits royalties with him). Napkins and place mats sell for $9.95 each at Dot Zero, 165 Fifth Avenue (22d Street).<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>It was a distinctly low-key way to announce a turning point for the Rolling Stones. On Thursday, during a news program broadcast by MTV Europe, MICK JAGGER confirmed rumors that BILL WYMAN, the 56-year-old bass player who has been with the band since its formation in 1962, would be leaving.
"Yes, seriously yes, Bill has decided he doesn't want to carry on," Mr. Jagger said. "For whatever reasons, he doesn't want to do it anymore. So we are looking for a new bass player. I don't think it will faze us too much. We'll miss Bill, but we'll get someone good, a good dancer."
KEITH RICHARDS, the band's rhythm guitarist, added: "A rhythm-section change in a band is a heavy-duty number, so we've got to find the right cat. It's totally up to Bill. If he doesn't want to do it, it's his decision. I don't want a reluctant guy on the road."
Mr. Jagger invited viewers to submit their names "if you think you could fit the bill."
Neither Mr. Wyman nor his spokeswoman, Karen Kearne, was available yesterday to explain the departure.
Another relationship has come to an end for Mr. Wyman. Last week, he agreed in a settlement in London's High Court to pay his former wife, 22-year-old MANDY SMITH, $85,000.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A federal judge in Boston said yesterday that there was mounting evidence innocent people were being executed. But he declined to rule the death penalty unconstitutional.
''In the past decade, substantial evidence has emerged to demonstrate that innocent individuals are sentenced to death, and undoubtedly executed, much more often than previously understood,'' the judge, Mark L. Wolf of Federal District Court in Boston, wrote in a decision allowing a capital case to proceed to trial.
He cited the exonerations of more than 100 people on death row based on DNA and other evidence.
''The day may come,'' the judge said, ''when a court properly can and should declare the ultimate sanction to be unconstitutional in all cases. However, that day has not yet come.''
Judge Wolf wrote that the crucial question for courts was ''how large a fraction of the executed must be innocent to offend contemporary standards of decency.''
His decision means that the case against Gary Lee Sampson, including the capital charges against him, will be tried next month. Mr. Sampson has acknowledged responsibility for three murders in Massachusetts and New Hampshire. Over a few days in 2001, he killed three men who had picked him up hitchhiking.
Mr. Sampson was willing to plead guilty to murder charges against him in Massachusetts and accept the maximum sentence available there, life in prison without parole. Instead, the federal government indicted him on capital charges based on the fact that the murders involved carjackings, a federal crime.
Judge Wolf, a former federal prosecutor and official in the Justice Department, was appointed to the bench by President Ronald Reagan. He appeared to be critical of recent changes in Justice Department practices in seeking the death penalty.
''Juries have recently been regularly disagreeing with the attorney general's contention that the death penalty is justified in the most egregious federal cases involving murder,'' he wrote.
In 16 of the last 17 federal capital prosecutions, Judge Wolf wrote, juries rejected the death penalty. A lawyer for Mr. Sampson, David A. Ruhnke, who specializes in capital cases, said Judge Wolf's numbers were outdated. The count, Mr. Ruhnke said, stands at 19 acquittals or life verdicts in the last 20 federal capital cases. The most recent acquittals were this month in Puerto Rico, which does not have the death penalty. Thirty-eight states do.
The Supreme Court has held that courts may take account of evolving standards of decency in deciding whether punishments violate the Eighth Amendment prohibition on cruel and unusual punishment. Those standards may be determined by looking at trends in, among other fields, legislation and jury verdicts.
''If juries continue to reject the death penalty in the most egregious federal cases,'' Judge Wolf wrote, ''the courts will have significant objective evidence that the ultimate sanction is not compatible with contemporary standards of decency.''
That statement suggests that the Justice Department, in seeking the death penalty more often and in more places, may actually be engaging in a counterproductive exercise from the perspective of supporters of capital punishment.
Judge Wolf acknowledged that there had been no legislative trend corresponding to the one reflected in the recent verdicts. ''However,'' he wrote, ''the increasing and disturbing new evidence concerning the execution of the innocent may generate legislation and jury verdicts which manifest a public consensus that the death penalty offends contemporary standards of decency and should no longer be deemed by the courts to be constitutionally acceptable.''
He also noted that the department's policies about whether to take into account local opposition to the death penalty had changed. Until 2001, the policies said the absence of a local death penalty did not by itself justify a federal capital prosecution.
''It appears,'' Judge Wolf wrote, ''that the fact that a state's laws do not authorize capital punishment may now alone be deemed sufficient to justify a federal death penalty prosecution.''
A spokeswoman for the Justice Department, Monica Goodling, said it had an obligation to ensure the fair and consistent application of the federal death penalty.
One federal jury has sentenced a defendant to death in a jurisdiction that did not have its own death penalty since the federal death penalty was reinstated in 1988. The case was last year in Michigan.
The only other federal judge in Massachusetts to hear a federal death penalty prosecution in recent years later described what he had learned in The Boston Globe in 2001.
''The experience,'' Judge Michael A. Ponsor wrote, ''left me with one unavoidable conclusion: that a legal regime relying on the death penalty will inevitably execute innocent people -- not too often, one hopes, but undoubtedly sometimes.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The commencements are largely over, the honorary degrees dispensed. Most organizations are winding down their year's activities, and still honors are being presented for all sorts of accomplishments.
The New York Civil Liberties Union, for example, is waiting until June 29 to present its 1994 Florina Lasker Civil Liberties Award to the Weavers, the folk singing group.
In a ceremony at the Loeb Boathouse in Central Park, HARRY BELAFONTE will present the award to the three surviving Weavers: PETE SEEGER, RONNIE GILBERT and FRED HELLERMAN and posthumously to Lee Hayes, who died in 1981.
"For nearly half a century the Weavers folk singers have combatted racism and intolerance and promoted peace through their wonderful songs such as 'If I Had a Hammer,' 'Where Have All the Flowers Gone?' and 'Study War No More,' NORMAN SIEGEL, executive director of the organization, said the other day.  NADINE BROZAN<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The grim sight of Napoleon McCallum's knee being wrenched from its socket on "Monday Night Football" reminds us that the season of mayhem and misplaced values is upon us again. To be sure, it is delusional to think that football is going to disappear. For one thing, it is too deeply intertwined with the fabric of national life and America's social and historical consciousness.
Consider what football represents. By one analysis, the drive for the end zone represents a re-enactment of the frontier experience: the offensive drive as manifest destiny. By another account, the training of a boy to play an obedient role as one-eleventh of The Team is the way the nation prepares him to fit into the modern corporation.
Whatever it is doing to or for us, football is permanent. But even if it will not disappear it can be improved. The start of the season seems a fitting time to suggest two modest and overdue reforms and one wish.
The reforms are simple. The National Collegiate Athletic Association needs to ban competition by colleges that fail to graduate a reasonable number of their players -- say three out of four, the level attained by Notre Dame.
The appropriate authorities at every level also need to do away with artificial turf. Injuries are inevitable on any surface. Indeed, Mr. McCallum was hurt on grass. But artificial surfaces demonstrably contribute to career-ending and sometimes life-threatening injuries.
Now for the wish. Perhaps the Fox network could dismiss any announcer who utters the words "heckuva play." That would be a sure way for the new network to show it can do a better job with football than its competitors.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: A business coalition including major oil, gas, automobile and chemical companies favors stalling early action on a Senate clean air bill, according to a memorandum describing a private strategy session.
A business coalition including major oil, gas, automobile and chemical companies favors stalling early action on a Senate clean air bill, according to a memorandum describing a private strategy session.
The memorandum from the Clean Air Working Group, a coalition of 1,950 companies and trade associations, accuses the majority leader, George J. Mitchell, of rushing the legislation to the Senate floor.
Senator Mitchell, Democrat of Maine, and Senator Max Baucus, Democrat of Montana, are the major strategists on the bill, which has won environmentalists' support for its language intended to rid the air of acid rain, toxic chemicals and urban smog. Industry views the measure as too costly and not feasible.
The memorandum, obtained by The Associated Press, gives a detailed account of a Dec. 4 meeting. It said senators were asking Congressional research agencies for an ''economic impact analysis'' of the legislation and added, ''This is a key part of stalling early action'' on the bill.
Mr. Mitchell has scheduled the Senate measure as the first bill to consider when senators return from recess Jan. 23.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>It has been a silent spring at Madison Square Garden regarding the vacancies in the Rangers' hierarchy, while Garden President Dave Checketts methodically undertakes his search for a new general manager. That effort could shift gears as soon as tonight, if the Dallas Stars wrap up their first-round series against the Edmonton Oilers in Game 5.
Once the Oilers are eliminated from the National Hockey League playoffs, their longtime team president and general manager, Glen Sather, can be wooed. Even though Sather has two seasons remaining on his contract, he also has an escape clause. According to several people in hockey, the Rangers are interested in Sather as a replacement for Neil Smith, who was fired on March 28 along with John Muckler, the coach.
Before the playoffs began, Sather said he was not going anywhere. But in a telephone conversation Wednesday night, Sather did not rule out the possibility of a move.
''I suppose I'm flattered that people mention my name when jobs open up around the league,'' the 56-year-old Sather said from Dallas. ''I'm really not in a position to make any comments about that. I haven't given it one second of thought. As far as what I'm going to do, I haven't made any public statements about it. When the time comes, I'll deal with it.''
Not only is the Garden interested in Sather, but also, according to one person in hockey with knowledge of the situation, ''whoever's second is a distant second.''
Because of Sather's escape clause, the Rangers would not have to ask for permission to speak with him. That is something they would have to do with Pittsburgh if they pursue the Penguins' general manager, Craig Patrick, who is also believed to be on the Rangers' list.
''That's the proper protocol,'' Sather said. ''But I, on the other hand, have a loophole that I wrote into my contract.'' The loophole says that Sather can talk to other teams freely if he decides to leave Edmonton.
One longtime league executive said earlier this week that both Wayne Gretzky, who played for Sather in Edmonton in the 1980's, and Commissioner Gary Bettman have encouraged the Rangers to pursue Sather.
''That rumor is not correct,'' Bettman said yesterday. ''I don't do that. It's up to the teams to decide. I don't get involved in personnel decisions.'' But it is no secret that Bettman and others hold Sather in high regard.
Sather played for 10 N.H.L. seasons as a left wing for six teams, including the Rangers from 1970 to 1973. He became the Oilers' coach in 1977, when they were a part of the World Hockey Association.
Three seasons later, Sather became the team's general manager and was the architect of the Oilers' dynasty in the 80's, when the franchise won four Stanley Cups in five seasons (plus a fifth without Gretzky in 1990).
The Oilers have not advanced past the second round of the playoffs since 1992, but the Rangers have failed to qualify for the playoffs in the last three seasons. And there are many league executives who believe that Sather will allow himself to be wooed by the Rangers.
But many are also skeptical about the Rangers' chances of actually persuading him to leave Edmonton. Sather has been there for 24 years, the last 21 as general manager. That gives him the second-longest tenure as a general manager in the N.H.L. behind Boston's Harry Sinden.
Sather has long said he is comfortable in the West. He owns houses in both Palm Springs, Calif., and Banff, Alberta, and enjoys outdoor life.
Sather's current contract calls for him to be paid just under $2 million in each of the next two seasons. One thing in the Rangers' favor is their ability to pay him significantly more.
HOCKEY<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>An online service that helps small businesses advertise on television is getting its first investments from big advertising and media companies.
The CBS Corporation, the Interpublic Group of Companies and the WPP Group are among several investors that are giving the service, called Spot Runner, a total of $40 million in additional capital. Spot Runner (online at spotrunner.com) began operations in January with $10 million in venture capital from investors like Allen & Company.
Spot Runner acts as a combination of creative agency and media buyer. The service produces commercials for businesses that typically cannot afford TV ads and buys time for the spots on local broadcast stations and cable systems. CBS is interested in using Spot Runner to help attract new advertisers, while Interpublic and WPP are interested in the abilities of Spot Runner to more effectively aim ads at the right consumers.
Nick Grouf, president and chief executive at Spot Runner in Los Angeles, is scheduled to announce the investments today. He said last week he could not specify how much of the $40 million was being invested by CBS, Interpublic or WPP.
ADDENDA<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>One week he sits, and the next week he gains big yardage. That is how this feast-and-famine season has gone for Lewis Tillman, the Giants' third-year running back.
Against the Cleveland Browns in the Giants' fourth game of the season, Tillman carried 14 times for 90 yards. But the week before, against the Chicago Bears, he didn't even play on offense.
Against the Dallas Cowboys last Sunday, he carried 12 times for 63 yards. But in two of the three previous games he did not play on offense, and in the third, he did not carry the ball.
This week may be the start of something new. Coach Ray Handley said today that he planned to use Tillman more, starting with Sunday's game against the Buccaneers in Tampa, Fla.
"There is no plan," Handley said. "It's a feel thing. But I plan to put Lewis in for a little bit every so often to rest Rodney Hampton. If Lewis gets a hot hand going, he'll stay in a little longer." Two's a Crowd
Tillman's problem has not been his lack of ability. Instead, he has found himself behind someone else.
In his first two seasons as a Giant, he was a backup to Ottis Anderson, who had much more experience. This season, Rodney Hampton, last year's first-round draft choice, has taken over for Anderson, and Tillman is still a backup.
In last Sunday's 22-9 victory over the Cowboys, Hampton lost the ball three times, although only one was ruled a fumble. Hampton left the game after the third miscue and did not return. Handley said Hampton had become dizzy.
Tillman replaced Hampton, and with the Giants nursing a 16-9 lead it was obvious they would run. Still, Tillman carried 10, 8 and 12 yards in helping the Giants score a cliching touchdown. Later, as the Giants ran out the clock, he ran for 16 yards.
By game's end, Tillman had carried 12 times to Hampton's 20. Handley said he would like to follow that pattern every week.
Hampton is a darting runner who can cut quickly. Tillman uses his speed to slash across a formation. Many of his runs have come off pitchouts that get him outside quicker.
At 6 feet and 195 pounds, Tillman is not especially big. But he ran so hard at Jackson State that he broke Walter Payton's career rushing record there.
The Giants drafted him in 1989 on the fourth round and he has played mostly on special teams.
Tillman, like Hampton, has come under the wing of Anderson, at age 34 the oldest active running back in the National Football League. In addition to his occasional appearances on the field, Anderson teaches the young backs how to prepare, how to read defenses and how to get the most from their ability.
But unlike the gregarious Anderson, Tillman is shy. He was raised in a small town in Mississippi and went to a small college, and he remains humble to a fault. He does not like to talk publicly about his achievements or even his aspirations.
"You're always happy when you get the opportunity to play," Tillman said.
Anderson seems amused by Tillman's humility.
"You can take the boy out of the country," Anderson said, "but you can't take the country out of the boy. He says the Dallas game was just one game, that everybody is making something out of it. He doesn't."
So far this season, Hampton has carried 166 times for 728 yards, Tillman 53 times for 243 yards. Hampton is averaging 4.4 yards a carry, Tillman 4.6. Tillman has replaced Anderson as the prime backup.
With all that, Tillman is reluctant to talk with reporters.
"I told him to look at me," Anderson said. "People don't come around to talk to me like they did last year." EXTRA POINTS
When a light rain began just before Thursday afternoon's practice, the practice was moved from the grass field adjoining Giants Stadium to the artificial surface inside. All of the active Giants took part. . . . REYNA THOMPSON, the cornerback and coverage star, worked the full practice and said his fractured right shoulder blade felt much better. Thompson, who has been on injured reserve for five weeks, will probably be activated for Sunday's game against Tampa Bay. . . . The Bucs said VINNY TESTAVERDE was sound and would start at quarterback. He strained a groin muscle last Sunday.
FOOTBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
After reading your movie critics' picks of their 10 favorites, I was struck by a glaring omission: Phillip Noyce's exquisitely beautiful and moving ''Rabbit-Proof Fence.''
LENI TABB  Manhattan
TOP 10 FILMS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Don't get me wrong: I am glad to hear the news that Abu Musab al-Zarqawi has been killed. It is to be hoped that his death will result in the saving of American and Iraqi lives.
But I think that the reported euphoria is somewhat unbecoming. It reminds me of the television footage of Iraqis celebrating the deaths of American soldiers.
Michael Reyes  Bronx, June 8, 2006<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: In Laurie Anderson's performance piece ''Empty Places,'' the song that goes the furthest in distilling its mood and summing up its themes is a witty new ballad called ''Hiawatha.''
In Laurie Anderson's performance piece ''Empty Places,'' the song that goes the furthest in distilling its mood and summing up its themes is a witty new ballad called ''Hiawatha.''
Borrowing its opening lines from Longfellow's poem, the song goes on to quote from Chuck Berry's ''Memphis'' and then to imagine mythical American couples, ''Geromino and Little Nancy, Marilyn and John F.'' dancing. Punctuating the verses is an eerie cry of ''Yoo hoo!'' It is one of many leitmotifs in a work that, above all, evokes an American sense of loneliness, of cowboys calling through wide open spaces.
Although the 90-minute work, which is the opening event of the Next Wave Festival of the Brooklyn Academy of Music, is staged somewhat differently from Ms. Anderson's epic ''United States,'' it is essentially a continuation of the earlier piece. Interweaving songs, film, slides, electronic music and anecdotes in an extended series of interconnected fragments, Ms. Anderson creates a loosely knit collage of images, sounds and phrases that collectively compile her latest vision of the American spirit.
For ''Empty Spaces,'' the single large screen before which Ms. Anderson used to perform has been replaced by a series of screens on which images appear and vanish in a fluid stream. Used in conjunction, they also create what Ms. Anderson calls ''instant sets,'' such as the re-appearing interior of a recording studio. Since ''United States,'' Ms. Anderson has experimented by performing with other musicians on the stage. But in ''Empty Spaces,'' she has returned to a solo format, in which, alone with just a violin and a keyboard, she appears to conjure up the visuals and some of the music as if by magic.
Although Ms. Anderson has said that ''Empty Spaces'' is more political than her past performance pieces, its politics are anything but doctrinaire. In the past she has always made her points by allusion and ironic juxtaposition, and here she is only somewhat more direct. In an amusing mock-academic lecture, she finds musical metaphors for the speaking styles of world leaders. Hitler's speeches were the sound of drums; Mussolini's, Italian arias, and Ronald Reagan's quieter speeches, variations on ''When You Wish Upon a Star.''
Entering the realm of sexual politics, she recalls attending a feminist demonstration at a Playboy club and having a conversation with one of the women who worked there that made her think twice about protesting. Reflecting on urban blight, she tells an uncharacteristically self-flagellating anecdote in which she finds it difficult to look at the human misery in a hospital emergency room.
Whether talking (often through a device that lowers her voice), singing in a lilting folkish soprano, or playing a tape-bow violin that creates a rich spectrum of animal cries and subterranean growls, Ms. Anderson commands the stage with an easy grace. ''Empty Spaces,'' which includes more personal anecdotes than any previous Anderson work, is also her funniest work. Her cool, deadpan delivery of punchlines shows her to be a natural comic talent in the low-keyed manner of performers like Steven Wright. Musically, ''Empty Spaces'' continues the idiom that Ms. Anderson refined in ''United States,'' of a kind of minimalist electronic folk song. Fragment after fragment suggests space-age hoedown music, slowed-down until it sounds strangely doleful.
Where ''Empty Spaces'' seems thin is in some of its imagery. In using Elvis Presley and John F. Kennedy as recurrent symbols, Ms. Anderson fails to glean any new slant or resonance. In the past, she has usually been more original. And her reliance on them suggests that a certain fatigue may have overtaken her in the search for fresh iconography. The time may have come for Ms. Anderson to take a break from imagining the United States.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>BASEBALL
National League  MILWAUKEE BREWERS--Announced the contracts of Bob Apodaca, pitching coach, and Luis Salazar, first base coach, will not be renewed.
Northern League  DULUTH-SUPERIOR DUKES--Announced the contract of Ed Nottle, manager, will not be renewed.
BASKETBALL
National Basketball Association  ATLANTA HAWKS--Waived G Juan Sanchez.  DENVER NUGGETS--Signed G Omar Cook.  HOUSTON ROCKETS--Re-signed G Moochie Norris.  MIAMI HEAT--Released G Geno Carlisle and F-C Loren Meyer.  SAN ANTONIO SPURS--Waived F Bryan Bracey.
U.S.A. Basketball  U.S.A.B.--Named Milwaukee Bucks coach George Karl coach of the 2002 men's world championship team.
FOOTBALL
National Football League  CHICAGO BEARS--Signed RB-PR Leon Johnson. Released LB Devin Lemons from the practice squad. Signed DE Joe TaFoya to the practice squad.  CLEVELAND BROWNS--Placed TE Rickey Dudley on the injured reserve list. Signed DT Alvin McKinley from the practice squad. Waived DB Deke Cooper. Signed DB Dyshod Carter and DT Gaylon Hyder to the practice squad.  GREEN BAY PACKERS--Signed CB Hurley Tarver to the practice squad. Released LB Kenny Jackson from the practice squad.  MIAMI DOLPHINS--Released LB Kevin Rollins from the practice squad. Signed G Ray Redziniak to the practice squad.  MINNESOTA VIKINGS--Signed LB Antonio Wilson from the practice squad. Released FB Matt Snider.
HOCKEY
National Hockey League  COLUMBUS BLUE JACKETS--Assigned LW Jody Shelley to Syracuse of the AHL.  NASHVILLE PREDATORS--Acquired F Nathan Perrott from the Chicago Blackhawks for a 2003 draft pick and assigned him to Milwaukee of the AHL.  PHOENIX COYOTES--Assigned D Jay Leach to Mississippi of the ECHL.  TAMPA BAY LIGHTNING--Assigned LW Ryan Tobler to Springfield of the AHL.  TORONTO MAPLE LEAFS--Announced an affiliation agreement with Memphis of the CHL. Assigned F Sebastien Centomo, F Jacques Lariviere and F Jonathan Gagnon to Memphis and assigned G Jamie Hodson to South Carolina of the ECHL.
SOCCER
Major Indoor Soccer League  PHILADELPHIA KIXX--Signed G Peter Pappas and G Stuart Dobson.
COLLEGEs
CHOWAN--Announced the resignation of Steve Lee, football coach. Fired Charles Giangrosso and Dan Dieringer, assistant football coaches. Named Lou Saban interim football coach.  DEPAUL--Named Carolyn Struck athletic business manager.  LEHMAN--Named Neville Lendor, Wolfgang Lucena and Chris Ballerini men's assistant basketball coaches.  MICHIGAN--Announced the resignation of Geoff Zahn, baseball coach. Named Chris Harrison interim baseball coach.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>IF there was ever any question which was the kinder, gentler computer company -- Apple Computer or I.B.M. -- their respective handlings of the recent missteps at Intel and Microsoft should set aside all doubt.
I.B.M. played pit bull, Apple pussycat. It doesn't necessarily mean that the people at Apple are fundamentally nicer -- just that they have their own good reasons for diplomacy.
Recall recent events. Earlier this month, Intel thought it had all but put the Pentium chip difficulties behind it when the International Business Machines Corporation went for the jugular, turning an infrequent problem with long division into a far more serious problem for the chipmaker. By asserting that the Pentium might miscalculate every 24 days instead of every 27,000 years, I.B.M. all but forced Intel to reconsider its "we'll tell you if you need a new chip" policy and offer new Pentiums to all. Despite being Intel's biggest customer, I.B.M. plans eventually for its Power PC chip to compete directly with the Pentium.
No sooner had Intel capitulated last Tuesday than Microsoft said -- yet again -- that its Windows 95 software operating system would be late. And lo, the I.B.M. publicist was almost immediately on the phone, pointing out what a blow Microsoft's delay would be to independent software developers, who, by the way, could ease their pain by producing programs for the 7 million or so users of I.B.M.'s software alternative, OS/2. The latest version of OS/ 2, dubbed Warp, is meant to compete with Windows. Since its introduction earlier this year, it has sold about 800,000 copies.
During all this, where was Apple Computer Inc., the other natural beneficiary of problems at Microsoft and Intel?
"Oh, we certainly can't comment on our competitors," Pam Miracle, an Apple spokeswoman, replied politely when asked if the company was boosting production of its non-Intel computers and non-Microsoft software in anticipation of increased consumer demand. Apple did, though, use the cover provided by Microsoft's news to confirm that its own new operating system, code-named Copland, would be late too.
If Apple's reticence to taunt seemed quaint in comparison to I.B.M.'s brass-knuckles demeanor, some analysts thought it served Apple's long-term interests.
"I think Apple is basically doing the right thing, staying on the side lines and not commenting," Guy Kawasaki, a columnist for MacWorld magazine, said.
But while many analysts assigned an ulterior motive to I.B.M.'s pronouncements about Intel and Microsoft, Apple is actually in a much better position to benefit from any fear, uncertainty or doubt in the Windows-Intel (Wintel) world. I.B.M. will not ship a personal computer with the Power PC chip inside, or a version of OS/2 that can run on it, until the middle of next year. But Apple has already sold nearly 1 million Power PC versions of its Macintosh and continues to sell these Power Macs as fast as it can make them.
Indeed, some analysts said Microsoft and Intel had just handed Apple its best opportunity yet to build its market share. "The derivative effect of all of this stuff is a slow, heavy curve ball over the middle of the plate for Apple," Bruce Lupatkin, an analyst with Hambrecht & Quist, said.
Whether Apple is ready to hit that ball out of the park depends on where it's playing .
In the consumer market, Apple is well positioned to ride the growth in multimedia computing -- the embellishment of computer text with graphics, audio and video. Nearly every review of multimedia software on Wintel personal computers mentions the difficulties of getting some programs to run without resetting the computer's internal switches or writing arcane instructions in operating system files.
Such chores are almost non-existent in the Macintosh; the only glitch is an occasional software title that requires more memory than may be available. For small-business and home-office use, meanwhile, a mid-level Mac with the Claris Works integrated software package is a painless, inexpensive solution that meets most peoples' needs.
But the Mac vs. Wintel debate becomes more complex in the corporate world, where the Macintosh has long suffered from the perception that it is a niche product, suited mainly for graphics and publishing. Like many stereotypes, this one has some basis in reality. The Mac was well-suited for graphics and publishing tasks like page layout long before Intel-based machines were. And in the early going, the Mac did lack comparable business-productivity tools, like spreadsheet or data base programs. (The less said about Lotus 1-2-3 or dBase for the Mac, now both defunct, the better.)
The spreadsheet issue was laid to rest with Microsoft Excel, introduced in 1985 for the Mac, even before being available for Windows. On the data base front, there are powerful Macintosh programs, like 4th Dimension from Acius Inc. and Helix from the Odesta Corporation, which, probably because they come from small companies that do not advertise much, have gotten less recognition than they probably deserve.
Microsoft, meanwhile, offers a Macintosh version of FoxBase, its version of the dBase data base programming language. And early next year, Oracle will ship Personal Oracle for the Power Mac, a user-friendly version of Oracle's data base management program that runs on mini-computers and mainframes.
One long-standing weakness has been the dearth of software development tools for the Macintosh, compared with the Windows world. Such tools are used by the independent companies that create application programs for a given operating system. Many independent software developers have said they were able to write Power Mac programs to coincide with the new machine's release early this year only by using a programming tool called Code Warrior, from tiny Metrowerks in Austin, Tex. Even Claris, Apple's own software subsidiary, used Code Warrior to develop its Power Mac applications like Claris Works and the Macwrite Pro word processor.
Again, Oracle plans to ride to the rescue next year, with a product currently code-named Project X, which is expected to ship in the second quarter of next year. Project X is a low-end, rapid development tool meant to compete with Microsoft's Visual Basic. But unlike Visual Basic, which runs only on Microsoft Windows, Oracle's Project X will also work with Apple Macintosh and I.B.M. OS/2 software.
The Macintosh is also getting a helping hand in the corporate-computing market from the latest release of Novell Inc.'s Netware software, the most widely used operating system for networks of desktop computers. Though Netware has provided network access for Macintoshes for many years, those capabilities always came at an added cost -- a strong disincentive for a business office to use any Macs on a network of many Wintel PC's.
But Netware 4.1, released two weeks ago, is not only 25 percent cheaper than Netware 4.0; it includes Netware for Macintosh for free. And the new version gives Macintosh users access to Netware's directory services, allowing them to communicate with anyone anywhere else on the network.
All these developments, perhaps more than any perceived weakness in enemy camps, could nudge Apple's share of the computer market beyond its current 11 percent and closer to its goal of 20 percent. And, significantly, these developments have required cooperation from other nation-states within the computing world.
No wonder then, that during the computer world's recent crises, while I.B.M. rattled sabers, Apple practiced diplomatic politesse.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Otniel Schneller, an affable man who helped establish this Jewish settlement on a West Bank hilltop 25 years ago, this week became its first resident elected to Israel's Parliament.
Yet his campaign message could hardly be less popular here; this settlement, and dozens more like it, may have to be dismantled in the next few years, he says.
Mr. Schneller won a legislative seat with the Kadima Party of the acting prime minister, Ehud Olmert, which triumphed in the election on Tuesday on a platform that envisions evacuating dozens of West Bank settlements. No list exists of which ones might be removed, but Maale Mikhmas is well beyond Israel's West Bank separation barrier, and therefore a likely candidate.
''I support Mr. Olmert's plan 100 percent,'' said Mr. Schneller, 54, who, like most settlers, is religiously observant and had long supported and been active in right-wing political parties that backed the settlement movement.
''We came to Maale Mikhmas because the government decided to build it,'' he said. ''If the government decides that we will not be allowed to stay, we will be very sad. But we will take our children and grandchildren who now live here, and we will continue our lives in another place. We will respect the decision.''
On Tuesday, Israelis voted for a party, not individual candidates, and Kadima won 29 of the 120 seats in Parliament. Mr. Schneller was 26th on the Kadima list of candidates, and so he won a seat though presumably very few of his neighbors voted for him.
''Congratulations,'' Tzvia Bloch, a Maale Mikhmas resident, said when she encountered him outside the grocery in this small, close-knit settlement of about 1,000 residents several miles northeast of Jerusalem. ''We've known him for many years, and we like him, even if we don't agree on politics,'' said Ms. Bloch, who has lived here for 18 years.
Mr. Schneller clearly has many friends here, but also an even larger number of political opponents.
''There are many people here who are just outraged,'' said Mark Cohen, the mayor. ''I've been getting requests to have him removed from the settlement on an early basis.''
''For the most part, it's nothing against him personally, but people here can't believe that someone who has a settlement ideology would be putting his eggs in this basket,'' Mr. Cohen said.
Mr. Olmert says the West Bank separation barrier would be the starting point for the Israeli border he wants to draw over the next four years, though it would be modified in some areas.
The West Bank now has about 250,000 Jewish settlers, and under the barrier's current route, an estimated 70,000 settlers live on the far side of it. Even if Israel moves the barrier, it would have to be shifted several miles deeper into the West Bank to incorporate Maale Mikhmas.
Mr. Olmert has not said how quickly he intends to move. However, Shimon Peres, the Israeli elder statesmen who won a seat in Parliament with Kadima, predicted that the new government would need the better part of a year just to plan a possible withdrawal.
Meanwhile, the settlers, who have wielded considerable political clout for years, now find themselves on the defensive, after the evacuation of settlements from the Gaza Strip last summer and the prospect of an even larger West Bank withdrawal.
The settler leaders say that they believe public support for Mr. Olmert is lukewarm, and that he will have difficulty maintaining a stable coalition in a country where governments crumble with regularity.
Yisrael Medad, a spokesman for the Yesha Council, the body that represents settlers, urged Mr. Olmert to focus initially on social issues, rather than push an evacuation plan that is certain to face resistance and create division among Israelis.
''We should say to Olmert: hold off for two years, fix up the economic and social problems, and then let's see where we are,'' said Mr. Medad, who lives in Shiloh, a settlement that is also beyond the separation barrier. ''If you start to move against the communities here, you will get demonstrations and protests.''
While Palestinians would welcome the evacuation of more settlements, the Palestinian Authority president, Mahmoud Abbas, and others contend it should be done in coordination with the Palestinians. Palestinians oppose all Jewish settlements in the West Bank and say the partial pullback Mr. Olmert has proposed, and the unilateral setting of Israel's borders, will not end the conflict.
When Mr. Schneller arrived in Maale Mikhmas in 1981, it consisted of a few mobile homes on a barren hilltop. It had no electricity or phone service, and a truck delivered water twice a week. But support was strong from the Israeli government and much of the public, he said.
''It was a great time for us because we felt we were pioneers and the Israeli population was behind us,'' he said.
In the 1980's, he was a leader in the Yesha Council and a West Bank leader in Likud, the right-wing party that has strongly supported building settlements. ''I have always believed that this land belongs to us, the Jewish people, because God said so in the Bible,'' Mr. Schneller said.
His religious beliefs have not wavered, he said, but over time, he came to believe that Israel would have to relinquish land so the Palestinians could have a state.
''We are not here alone,'' he said. ''We have Palestinian neighbors. They were born here, they live here, and they feel this is their land. I respect my neighbor, and I want to live beside him, but we also have to keep our identity as a Jewish state.''
Mr. Schneller insists he is not resigned to the disappearance of his settlement, and that it may somehow be included in Israel's future borders. In fact, at several moments when it appeared Israel might be moving toward territorial concessions, he made personal gestures to emphasize his intention to stay.
When the first public Israeli-Palestinian dialogue began in 1991, Mr. Schneller planted new trees in his yard. During peace talks in 2000, he bought the home across the street from his own, and his eldest daughter and her family now live there. When Prime Minister Ariel Sharon announced plans to withdraw from Gaza two years ago, Mr. Schneller began remodeling his house, a project he completed only recently.
From his backyard, he has a sweeping view that includes the Dead Sea, along the border with Jordan. Nearby, the buildings of Jerusalem can been seen.
Despite his attachment to the settlement, he said he backs Mr. Olmert's plan as the first one that can ''lead to a common understanding inside Israeli society.''
''Because I believe it can work, I left my old political position on the right,'' he said. ''I'm in Kadima because I see it as a bridge, not just between right and left, religious and nonreligious, but between our biblical beliefs and the present realities.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: The United States Fish and Wildlife Service has decided to allow the Toledo Zoo to begin exhibiting two giant pandas on loan from China while zoo officials work to produce the required export papers, the service said today.
The United States Fish and Wildlife Service has decided to allow the Toledo Zoo to begin exhibiting two giant pandas on loan from China while zoo officials work to produce the required export papers, the service said today.
Last week, the agency said the zoo would not be allowed to display the pandas until it could provide the original export permit. The zoo, which has scheduled to open the exhibit Tuesday, was given 10 days to come up with the documentation.
David Klinger, a spokesman for the wildlife service, said today that lawyers for the zoo gave the service a copy of the Chinese export permit over the weekend and appear to be making a good-faith effort to deliver the original document. He said the zoo will still be required to provide the original by May 29.
A zoo spokeswoman, Patty Napierala, said the exhibit will open at noon Tuesday as scheduled.
The zoo has spent nearly $3 million in preparing to exhibit the pandas as part of Toledo's 150th anniversary celebration.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>An obituary on Monday and in some late editions on Sunday about Donn Clendenon, a star for the Mets in the 1969 World Series, misstated the inning in which they scored two runs to take a 5-3 lead in Game 5 against the Baltimore Orioles and win the championship. It was the eighth, not the ninth.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The police fatally shot a former correction officer yesterday morning after he waved a toy pistol at officers on a Bronx sidewalk, police officials said.
The shooting occurred after the man, Stephen Seignious, 35, approached a security officer at 1 Fordham Plaza and identified himself as a police officer, the police said. Investigators said they believe Mr. Seignious, who was carrying a friend's apartment application, was going to a public housing office in the plaza.
The security officer asked him for identification; Mr. Seignious said it was in his car and walked away, the police said. He was wearing a turtleneck and cargo pants that resembled a police uniform.
The security officer flagged down a passing traffic officer, who confronted Mr. Seignious and saw what seemed to be a bulge from a weapon in his pants, the police said. Mr. Seignious ran from the officer to a Sears a block away.
The traffic officer called for backup, and two squad cars responded. When Mr. Seignious emerged from Sears, the five officers chased him a few blocks to East 187th Street and Webster Avenue, where he drew what appeared to be a handgun, the police said. The officers ordered him to drop the gun, but he did not. Instead, he took another step toward the officers, and they fired, the police said.
The four officers fired a total of 13 shots, at 9:35 a.m. The traffic officer did not fire his weapon. After the shooting, the police discovered that Mr. Seignious's gun was a plastic toy. It was not clear yesterday afternoon how many bullets struck Mr. Seignious, who was pronounced dead at 10:13 a.m. at St. Barnabas Hospital. At the time of the shooting, he was wearing a police badge around his neck, the police said.
Investigators said they believed Mr. Seignious might have been impersonating an officer to intimidate someone at the housing office into accepting his friend's application.
Mr. Seignious, who lived in the Bronx, worked for the city's Correction Department, mostly on Rikers Island, from 1991 until 2000, when he was fired, a law enforcement official said. In 1998, he pleaded guilty to misdemeanor possession of stolen property, and paid a $200 fine. The city's Correction Department placed him on probation for a year, but before that time had passed, he was arrested again and accused of the same offense, then fired. .
The badge Mr. Seignious was carrying was a duplicate of an authentic police badge. Its number was traced to a sergeant who is on military leave, a police official said.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>Three weeks into the intensified competition among late-night talk shows, CBS is already smelling victory -- and profits.
David Letterman's new "Late Show" has stormed to a consistent lead over NBC's "Tonight" show, which has been the most successful program in the history of television.
Mr. Letterman has done so well, especially among younger viewers, that some advertisers have approached CBS offering to pay double the regular price for commercials.
Though Mr. Letterman's ratings have settled from their lofty first days, "Late Show" remained almost one rating point ahead of "Tonight" during most of last week.
At NBC, executives suggested that the early results might be an aberration. They noted that Mr. Letterman was expected to have an early surge, based on the torrent of publicity that surrounded his arrival at CBS.
His main rival, Jay Leno, host of the "Tonight" show, said last week that ratings would not be a reliable test "for at least another month." Tough Time for 'Tonight'
And the addition of a third player, Chevy Chase, has also shaken up the early competition. Initial curiosity viewing for the Chase show, which begins half an hour earlier than either "Tonight" or "Late Show," surely pushed down Mr. Leno's ratings two weeks ago to his lowest scores ever.
Mr. Leno had been averaging about a 4.6 rating before Mr. Letterman moved into the 11:35 P.M. time slot on CBS. In Mr. Chase's first week on the Fox network, Mr. Leno skidded to a 3.3 rating, compared with Mr. Chase at 4.3 and Mr. Letterman at 5.6. And Mr. Leno's 2.8 rating for Friday, Sept. 10, was the lowest for an original "Tonight" episode since the show began in 1954. (Each rating point represents 942,000 homes.)
Mr. Chase's ratings declined sharply last week, and Mr. Leno's have come back. His ratings last week were closer to his longtime average, and he even beat Mr. Letterman one night, when Burt Reynolds visited "Tonight" to talk about the explosive breakup of his marriage.
"You can't overreact to these early returns," Sari DeCesare, director of audience research for NBC, said. "Dave is still in a honeymoon period."
NBC was also bolstered last week by some strong showings by its prime-time shows. The network's executives hope to build some momentum that could extend into late night. Letterman's Steady Strength
Still, the early trend is one of triumph for Mr. Letterman and CBS. No previous entertainment show has pushed the "Tonight" show from first in the late-night ratings for three straight weeks. And the consistency of the Letterman show's margin and its prospects of a stronger station lineup have excited CBS executives.
When the competition started, CBS officials, along with most other television executives, said they believed that Mr. Letterman might start with high ratings and then find a level somewhere just below Mr. Leno's. Now, said David F. Poltrack, senior vice president of research, CBS believes Mr. Letterman's core audience may be bigger than Mr. Leno's.
"What we're seeing is that the 'Tonight' rating fluctuates depending on who is the guest," Mr. Poltrack said, "while the Letterman rating is more a function of the fact that viewers are tuning in to see Dave."
Mr. Chase, who has drawn mostly negative reviews from critics, has slid to a point where Fox may have concerns about the show's long-term prospects. Many Fox stations were doing better in late night with programs that they cleared to make room for him.
Fox executives have said that they support Mr. Chase and believe he can improve as he grows more comfortable in the job.
The other late-night entry, ABC's "Nightline," remains strong as the only nonentertainment network alternative. It had a 4.4 rating for the week ended Sept. 10, down from its 4.7 average before the late-night war began. But last Thursday and Friday, it defeated all its competition with a two-part report on the homeless. Popular With Young Viewers
Among the younger viewers most sought by advertisers, Mr. Letterman's margin over Mr. Leno has been especially large. During the second week, for example, Mr. Letterman's rating among women between the ages of 18 and 49 was a 4.1, compared with 1.8 for Mr. Leno.
Mr. Letterman also dominated the competition among viewers with college educations and high incomes, Mr. Poltrack said, adding that "the economic implications of all these advantages are huge." Mr. Leno has helped to maintain his rating by attracting a somewhat older audience.
CBS means to cash in as soon as it can. One CBS executive said several movie companies have approached the network to see if any advertisers who paid $30,000 for each 30-second commercial on the Letterman show could be elbowed out so that the studios could buy the time for $60,000.
CBS declined, but decided to release some commercial time that it had been holding back in case Mr. Letterman failed to meet the 4.1 rating that the network had guaranteed to advertisers. That time would have been given to the original advertisers to make up for the audience shortfall.
Most surprising, perhaps, is that Mr. Letterman has been able to demonstrate this kind of early strength "with one hand tied behind our back," in the words of Robert Morton, Mr. Letterman's co-executive producer.  Argument for an Earlier Start
Mr. Morton was referring to the advantage that "Tonight" has in reaching viewers immediately after the late local news (11:35 P.M. in the East). CBS affiliates in more than 30 percent of the nation delay the start of Mr. Letterman's show by at least a half-hour. The network calculates that a full station lineup would add up to eight-tenths of a point to Mr. Letterman's overall rating.
Mr. Poltrack said CBS believed it could now persuade more stations to stop delaying Mr. Letterman. The network is campaigning to have stations make the switch before the November ratings sweeps.
CBS's biggest weapon in this argument is the ratings improvement for its affiliates' late local newscasts since Mr. Letterman's premiere. Mr. Poltrack said news ratings for CBS stations had been up 12 percent over all in the last three weeks.
All the benefits for CBS depend, of course, on Mr. Letterman's retaining his early advantage. NBC executives have said from the beginning that the race will be a marathon, not a sprint.
But NBC's confidence that "Tonight" will again prevail may be undergoing some change. "Jay may not beat Dave," Ms. DeCesare allowed, "but there will certainly be room for both programs."  THE MEDIA BUSINESS<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>A picture caption on Jan. 15 of the singer Chan Marshall omitted the credit. The photographer was Stefano Giovannini.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3*United Federal Bancorp
Qtr to June 30
1992
1991
Net inc
2,158,000
1,706,000
Per share
.45
.32
Shares outst
4,781,000
5,316,000
6mo net inc
4,048,000
3,476,000
Per share
.83
.65
Shares outst
4,873,000
5,366,000<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
So much for the opinion of Robert Pozzi, Carmel's town supervisor, that the over-development that he and Camarda Park represent is opposed by only ''six people.'' In a major upset, even though he was the chosen candidate, he lost the Republican party primary to his opponent Connie King Munday, who will run for town supervisor on both the Republican and Democratic tickets. Carmel Republicans spoke loudly and clearly, giving Town Supervisor Pozzi the fewest votes of any candidate.
As a recent resident of Carmel and an independent voter, I am elated to see that so many of my fellow residents, Democrat and Republican, are against the uncontrolled over-development that plagues so much of our great state.
Peter Castro  Carmel, N.Y.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Thomas Cahill takes Pope John Paul II to task for allegedly summoning a few theologians ''to star chamber inquiries and had his grand inquisitor, Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger, issue condemnations of their work.'' This is vintage Catholic-bashing, what with the forced imagery of star chambers and inquisitions.
In reality, all that happened is that these theologians were admonished for deliberately misrepresenting the teachings of the Catholic Church. Indeed, they were treated more fairly than Lawrence H. Summers, the president of Harvard, has been treated by his faculty.
William Donohue  President, Catholic League for Religious and Civil Rights  New York, April 5, 2005<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: To the Editor: On April 12 you featured Las Vegas, N.M. The article was packed immediately because we were leaving for Albuquerque, Santa Fe and Taos the next day.
To the Editor: On April 12 you featured Las Vegas, N.M. The article was packed immediately because we were leaving for Albuquerque, Santa Fe and Taos the next day.
On our second day in Taos we took the beautiful ride through the Kit Carson Forest to Las Vegas. We found everything the article described plus a trip back in time in terms of helpful shopkeepers, prices and a wonderful 1940's look.
Several days later our daughter and son-in-law from Santa Cruz, Calif., drove out to New Mexico to meet us. They, too, rode up to Las Vegas and were delighted with it.  ANN OPPMAN  Wantagh, N.Y.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: The average interest rate for a 30-year fixed-rate mortgage rose to 10.21 percent for the week ended today, from 10.09 percent last week, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation said. The average adjustable-rate mortgage was 8.69 percent, unchanged from the previous week, the agency said.
The average interest rate for a 30-year fixed-rate mortgage rose to 10.21 percent for the week ended today, from 10.09 percent last week, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation said. The average adjustable-rate mortgage was 8.69 percent, unchanged from the previous week, the agency said.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>To the Editor:
Joyce Carol Oates writes (Op-Ed, Oct. 15) that tragedy is the "quintessential male art form," and that "the female vision, as distinct from the male, is toward accommodation, not repudiation; life, not elevated death." She also states: "The collective hunger for happy endings is predominantly female."
Just what does this really mean?
It can't mean that Shakespeare and Moliere (who produced many happy endings)  were female. Nor can it mean that Amanda Wingfield, the tragic figure of Tennessee Williams's "Glass Menagerie," was a disguised man. Nor can it mean that tragedy never results from the desire to be accommodating.
My hunch is that Ms. Oates gets these ideas from psychologists, some of whom  say women approach conflict in a way different from men.
Tragedy often results not from what we tend to do, but from what we do on serious reflection in extraordinary circumstances, and here the differences between individuals, regardless of sex, are enormous.
If you think that you can guess whether a person will avert tragedy merely by knowing whether you are dealing with a woman or with a man, you are apt to be tragically disappointed.
MICHAEL SHENEFELT New York, Oct. 17, 1995
The writer is an adjunct assistant professor in general studies, N.Y.U.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: ALMOST 3,000 state employees - a thousand more than expected and half of those eligible - have opted for a retirement incentive program that includes bonuses of up to $600 a month for three years and fully paid medical insurance.
ALMOST 3,000 state employees - a thousand more than expected and half of those eligible - have opted for a retirement incentive program that includes bonuses of up to $600 a month for three years and fully paid medical insurance.
Gordon J. Frassinelli, executive budget officer in the Office of Policy and Management, said on Tuesday that 2,951 state workers had applied for the program, for which applications were due last Sunday.
Mr. Frassinelli said the state would not be able to meet its goal of replacing one of every four retirees, because of the higher-than-expected number of applicants.
But, he said he expected disruptions in services to be minimal. ''We won't know for a while,'' he said. ''We'll have to assess what it all means.  Cutting the Budget The retirement program was crafted by the General Assembly this year when legislators were looking for ways of cutting the state budget. They estimated that 2,000 would apply and that the program would save the state $25 million.
Under the incentive program, 6,000 state workers who are 55 or older with at least 10 years of service are eligible for bonuses of up to $21,600 to be paid over three years. Normally, no more than 1,400 state workers retire in a year. Gov. William A. O'Neill tried last week to allay the fears of state mental retardation and mental health workers who feared that client care would be hurt by the retirements. He said those in direct-care positions would be replaced.  Direct-Care Workers
Of the roughly 250 workers retiring from the State Department of Mental Retardation, 123 are in the direct-care category. The agency had previously lost 150 positions because of budget cuts, said Dawn Closs, the personnel administrator.
''If we have to cut more positions, it will be a severe problem,'' she said. The Department of Mental Health is losing 254 of its 4,000 employees. The Department of Motor Vehicles lost 114 workers under the program, 14 percent of its 950 employees. Another hard-hit state agency is the Department of Transportation, losing almost 300 of its 4,600 employees.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>President Vladimir Putin of Russia has one. His former chief of staff has two. The Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich has two, as does the Russian supermodel Irina Pantaeva.
They are sculptures of shamans, nomads and warriors by an artist from a Siberian village so remote that a visitor would have to fly six hours east of Moscow to reach it. They have recently become very popular among the Russian elite. So popular, in fact, that Mr. Putin, speaking German, took Chancellor Gerhard Schroder on a visit to the artist's work during Mr. Schroder's visit to Russia last fall.
''I joke that he was my translator,'' the artist, Dashi Namdakov, said of Mr. Putin.
Fresh from his success among Russian millionaires, Mr. Namdakov, 37, accompanied by a manager who used to work with Russian rock groups, has come to New York. On April 15, he opened an exhibit of sculpture and other art at Tibet House on West 15th Street, It is not entirely clear how Mr. Namdakov's works, priced at $2,000 to $40,000, will be received here. On the day after the opening, the number of visitors who came to the show in two afternoon hours barely qualified as a trickle. A staff member at Tibet House, a nonprofit cultural center headed by Robert Thurman, a professor of Buddhist studies at Columbia University, acknowledged that buyers had been slow in coming.
But in an interview the day after the opening, Mr. Namdakov -- wearing his great- grandfather's Buddhist prayer beads over a zippered sweater and striped pants from a popular Moscow clothing store -- appeared content to sit and sketch, and muse at how far he had come.
''From my village to New York. I do not have words to describe the distance."
It is difficult to overstate the remoteness of his native region, called Buryatia, located just north of Mongolia, where the shamanism- and Buddhism-practicing inhabitants are descendants of Mongol tribes. Mr. Namdakov's hometown, Ukurik, is a two-and-a-half-hour drive from the nearest city, and is far closer to Beijing than to Moscow.
But it is the remoteness and the culture that goes with it that inspires many aspects of his work. The sculptures, cast mostly in bronze, draw heavily on the area's shamanism and Buddhism and on its nomadic past. Whimsical warriors from ancient Mongol tribes sit on horses. Grinning lamas bang on kettle drums. Apple-shaped wrestlers squat like frogs.
For Russians who own his work, Mr. Namdakov is an artist they can call their own.
Of the new work displayed in recent years, ''his stands out the most,'' said Alexander S. Voloshin, Mr. Putin's former chief of staff.
But clever marketing by his manager, Konstantin Khankhalaev, who is in town with Mr. Namdakov this month, has helped. A short film about Mr. Namdakov -- more music video than artistic display -- was available for viewing on a laptop computer in the New York exhibit. The artist was shown galloping on horseback across the steppe. At the exhibit this month, Mr. Khankhalaev referred to popular sculptures as ''hits,'' and the hardbound, glossy-paged art catalogs were printed with English translations.
New Yorkers who visited the show praised it.
''The craftsmanship was brilliant,'' said Beatrix Ost, a Manhattan artist, who bought two sculptures for her outdoor patio. ''I thought, this is the work of a very ripe person in his 60's. But he is only in his 30's. It's fresh and modern.''
In traditional Asian art ''you see all these figures from temples and gods, and you say, 'Oh, this is Tibet, this is India.' But he is not quite from anywhere.''
His work ''is eastern. But it's also 'Star Wars.'''
Mr. Namdakov, the sixth of eight children, grew up with art and religion. His father carved and painted Buddhist altars. His great-grandfather made the ritual pilgrimage on foot from Buryatia to Tibet. But by age 7, Mr. Namdakov had to leave the comfort and culture of his home to attend a school in another town.
It would be the worst experience of his life. Accommodations were austere, with poorly heated rooms, threadbare uniforms, and unvaried meals. Teachers, he said, stole food. Also, prejudice against children who were not ethnically Russian ran deep, he said.
In one particularly humiliating punishment, he and other Buryat boys were forced to stand in a hallway in their underwear after running from Russian boys who tried to fight.
''School was horrible,'' he said. ''Before age 7, I had a world of family members and spirits. That world is now emerging again.''
During the former Soviet Union's perestroika period, Mr. Namdakov attended a fine-arts college. He held his first show, in the Siberian city of Irkutsk, in 2000. Local magnates, newly rich from Russia's large-scale property giveaway, eagerly bought his work, he said.
His life now is comfortable. He drives a used Audi. He has moved to Moscow with his wife and children. He can afford to travel between studios in Buryatia and Moscow.
Mr. Namdakov is content to stay in Russia, but his art, he says, is not. New York may yet prove receptive. Last week , a gallery on Greene Street asked to represent him.
In Tibet House two weeks ago, he sat and sketched. Sometimes he thought out loud.
''If someone had told me years ago that I'd be putting on an exhibit in New York, I never would have believed it.''<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LADERMAN - Bess. Riverdale Jewish Center extends condolences to our member, Mierle Ukeles on the loss of her beloved mother. May the family be comforted among the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem. Jonathan I. Rosenblatt, Rabbi Tobias B. Schapiro, President<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: The Macquarie Dictionary (of the Australian language) defines de facto: '' [ 3 ]  a woman who lives with a man as his wife, but is not married to him;  [ 4 ]  a man who lives with a woman as her husband, but is not married to her.''
The Macquarie Dictionary (of the Australian language) defines de facto: '' [ 3 ]  a woman who lives with a man as his wife, but is not married to him;  [ 4 ]  a man who lives with a woman as her husband, but is not married to her.''
Having spent considerable time Down Under, I can report that this usage of the term de facto is widely and comfortably used in all strata of Australian society and by the media.  FRANK TATU  Washington<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: More than three-quarters of the chief financial officers of the nation's largest non-financial corporations favor the repeal of a Federal banking law that separates commercial banking from securities underwriting, according to a survey conducted by the Senate Banking Committee and made available this week.
More than three-quarters of the chief financial officers of the nation's largest non-financial corporations favor the repeal of a Federal banking law that separates commercial banking from securities underwriting, according to a survey conducted by the Senate Banking Committee and made available this week.
In addition, almost 70 percent of these companies think their cost of raising new funds would be likely to drop if banks were able to underwrite corporate stocks and bonds.
The survey was conducted by the staff of the Banking Committee, which is seeking to drum up support for an effort by Senator William Proxmire, the Wisconsin Democrat who is chairman of the panel, to repeal the Glass-Steagall Act. A staff member welcomed the results of the survey.
The committee sent anonymous questionnaires to the chief financial officers of 416 non-financial companies on the Fortune 500 list and received responses from half of them.
The survey found that 77 percent of the respondents agreed that the law should be repealed while 21 percent thought it should remain unchanged.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: The astronauts in the space shuttle Atlantis put in a final day of work today before preparing for a landing on Sunday.
The astronauts in the space shuttle Atlantis put in a final day of work today before preparing for a landing on Sunday.
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration said Atlantis was scheduled to land at Edwards Air Force Base, Calif. A spokesman for the agency said this meant that the five-member all-military crew would probably spend most of Saturday packing up for the return to Earth. The Pentagon has imposed secrecy on the military mission.
No information was released about the crew's activities in orbit, but Jeff Carr, a spokesman at the Johnson Space Center, said that if the Atlantis crew followed s shuttle mission routine, then today was the final full day to complete the secret objectives.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>HOPP--Lani Joy Salzberg, on June 25. Beloved wife of Robert, loving mother of Dana and Jenna, cherished daughter of Sylvia and the late David Salzberg, dear sister of Barry and Jane Salzberg. Services Friday, Riverside-Nassau North Chapels, 55 N. Station Pl., Great Neck, NY. In lieu of flowers, donations to the Salzberg Cancer Research Fund of Hadassah, 50 West 58 St., NYC 10019. >>AD#<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The Nets have gone through the formality of extending a contract offer to Kenny Anderson, who will become an unrestricted free agent at the end of the season.
Anderson rejected the multiyear offer, which was worth $5 million to $6 million a season, but the Nets say they have made it a priority to resign the point guard.
Still, should negotiations reach an impasse near the trading deadline on Feb. 22, the Nets aren't opposed to dealing him. There already has been discussion of a trade that would send Anderson to Philadelphia for the Sixers' center Shawn Bradley.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>David Glazer, a classical clarinetist, died last Sunday at Beth Israel Medical Center in Manhattan. He was 87 and lived in Manhattan.
He made many solo and ensemble appearances in New York and performed with the New York Woodwind Quintet from 1951 until he retired in 1985.
He was born in Milwaukee and received a bachelor's degree from the University of Wisconsin. He studied clarinet in Milwaukee, Chicago and Boston.
He is survived by his wife, Mia; two stepsons, Peter Brest of Manhattan and Paul Brest of Stanford, Calif.; four brothers, Frank, of Kezar Falls, Me., Samuel, of Madison, Wis., and Max and Edward, both of Milwaukee.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD:
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3* Amtech
Year to Dec 31
1989
1988
Sales
6,017,000
1,383,000
Net loss
7,264,000
6,455,000
Shares outst
4,748,000
3,562,000
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS **
*3* Amtech
Year to Dec 31
1989
1988
Sales
6,017,000
1,383,000
Net loss
7,264,000
6,455,000
Shares outst
4,748,000
3,562,000<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: After outpacing the rest of the nation for most of the past three decades, the South's economic boom has cooled as some of its competitive advantages have diminished or disappeared.
After outpacing the rest of the nation for most of the past three decades, the South's economic boom has cooled as some of its competitive advantages have diminished or disappeared.
The Economic Forecasting Service at Georgia State University recently described the region's current conditions as ''a significant divergence from earlier boom conditions,'' and most economists now predict a short-term growth rate in the region near or even slightly below the national average.
Just two years ago, employment in eight of the Southern states was growing at an annual rate of 4.3 percent as against 2.7 for the nation, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Last year, the employment growth was 3.7 percent for those states and 3.3 percent for the nation. For the first quarter of this year, the nation's job growth was 3.5 percent as against 3.3 percent for the eight states whose economic performance the bureau's Atlanta office monitors: Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee.
These numbers reflect the slowing national economy and short-term trends like a downturn in construction in some overbuilt Southern cities. And many analysts believe that over time the South has enough advantages, like lower living costs and better transportation, that it can continue to outpace the rest of the nation in growth.
But experts say there are also indications of long-term causes for the slowdown: the low wages that attracted companies to the region are now matched by foreign competitors, the tax breaks and incentives that had been alluring are now common in other areas and the effects of a poorly educated work force are becoming evident.
''The era of the Sun Belt will come to a close by the end of this century, and, in fact, has closed in much of the deep South,'' said Jesse L. White Jr., Executive Director of the Southern Growth Policies Board, a regional planning and research organization. ''We will not be able to continue to rely on the three-decade-old pattern of in-migration to provide either fresh recruits for the labor force or an expanded tax base.'' Integrated Into National Economy
At the very least, the experts say, the economic environment is a sign that the South has finally integrated itself into the national economy. In 1930, income per person in the South was 50 percent of the national average. Now it is about 90 percent.
The biggest long-term change is that low wages, for years the South's biggest selling point, are no longer as effective an economic tool.
That is partly because Southern wages have risen. But, more importantly, in a global economy the low-wage jobs that once moved to Alabama or South Carolina are now more likely to go to Latin America or Asia.
''History played a dirty trick on the South,'' said James C. Cobb, a professor of history at the University of Tennessee. ''The South tried to benefit from the mobility of industry, and then it turned out to be far more mobile than anyone ever imagined it could be.''
Experts caution that it is difficult to generalize about the region because trends are cyclical and because of the variation in prosperity among states and between flourishing urban areas and stagnating rural ones.
For example, while the total of goods and services produced in Georgia and Florida grew at rates almost double the national average from 1980 to 1986, Kentucky, Mississippi and Louisiana trailed the national average.
Experts doubt the main centers of Southern growth - Florida, Atlanta and technology centers like North Carolina's Research Triangle of Durham, Raleigh and Chapel Hill - are at substantial risk.
A national study made public recently by Cushman & Wakefield, the national real estate firm, for the fourth year in a row ranked Atlanta as the most desirable place to locate a business. In particular, the study cited the city's access to domestic markets, quality of life and availability of industrial sites. Some Trends Are Troubling
Still, there are some broad regional trends that are troubling for the South.
As global competition has undermined the South's low-wage strategy, it has also left the region with a relatively unskilled, uneducated work force at a time industry has a diminishing need for it.
''We're now trying to overcome the negative consequences of that industrial policy we developed,'' said Mr. White, whose organization is based at the sprawling Research Triangle. ''The low wages produced poverty, the low skills produced illiteracy. Those things that had been functional to industrial recruitment now became dysfunctional to this churning, changing, service-oriented, technologically driven, information-based economy.''
In much of the South, the educational systems that are needed to correct the problem are lacking.
''Building an educational system requires a long-term commitment,'' said Sheila Tschinkel, senior vice president of the Federal Reserve Board of Atlanta. ''There's a difference between economic growth and economic development. I think the South in the last decade may have been more interested in growth in the short term than in long-term development.''
In addition, a slowing of migration from the North presents some concern. When the Rust Belt cities were reeling in the late 1970's and early 1980's, the South benefited from a flood of migrants. As conditions have improved in the North, the flow to the South has slowed and some analysts are not certain it will ever reach the same level.
''People who used to come to the South from the Northeast or the Midwest are finding that things at home are not all that bad,'' said Donald Ratajczak, director of the Economic Forecasting Center at Georgia State. Other Areas Match Tax Breaks
Moreover, the tax breaks and incentives the South offered businesses are now common in other areas. Northern states observed the South's success, starting in the 1950's, with programs like municpal development bonds and long-term tax exemptions for new businesses, and by the mid-1970's they had eliminated much of the South's lead.
Still, many experts think the South's advantages far outweigh its flaws.
Wayne Gantt, an Atlanta economist with HME International Advisory Associates, a economic consulting company, says an easier way of life and lower living costs will continue to attract people from other parts of the country. And he said improvements like better highways and newer airports will continue to lure businesses.
In addition, it is believed that the flow of retirees to places like Florida, the Southeast's coast, western North Carolina and even Arkansas will be important economic assets.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>TUCKER-Michael P. The Society of the Friendly Sons of St. Patrick in the City of New York records with profound sorrow the tragic death of active member Michael P. Tucker in the terrorist attack on the World Trade Center, and extends sincere sympathy to his family. Timothy G. Reynolds, President Henry F. White, Jr., Historian<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>It is not the Lakers and the Celtics. It never has been. It is not even Knicks-Bulls, or Heat-Bulls, for that matter. Not yet, at least. But whereas the Knicks used to be able to laugh off the Nets rather easily, that is not the case anymore. A rivalry is budding between the cross-river teams, who will play for second place in the Atlantic Division tonight at Madison Square Garden.
''Oh, yeah,'' Nets Coach John Calipari said yesterday when asked whether he feels there is a legitimate rivalry growing between the teams. ''It's mutual, though.''
These games used to be big only for the Nets. Now, it is a big game for both teams. New York has a score to settle. The Knicks, as the Nets are well aware, will be looking to avenge last Friday's 103-98 loss at Continental Arena.
''To have a rivalry, they've got to want you as much as you want them,'' Calipari said. ''That's why that first win was such a good, solid win for us.''
A victory tonight would be even bigger for New Jersey, which has had trouble on the road.
''We're fighting for second place,'' Calipari said. ''For the right to be the team to challenge Miami.
''If we win this game, it will be huge, huge, in a lot of ways. Second place. On the road. The city. The Garden.''
That said, the Nets' coach is trying not to put too much importance on the game.
''If we lose, we've got 50 left,'' Calipari said. ''That's the way I'm approaching it.''
Said General Manager John Nash: ''It's a very important game. It will be indicative of how far we've come. By winning in our building, we showed that we've made some progress. But we still have to go beyond that.''
Like doing something about their dismal road record. The Nets have lost 7 of their last 8 games away from home.
''I'm not sure we're prepared to win away from home on a consistent basis,'' Nash said. ''But, yes, that's the next step.''
The Knicks need to prove that they are going to be able to survive without Patrick Ewing, who is out for the season with a wrist injury. That, Calipari said, is one reason the Knicks will be pumped up for the game, coming off a home loss to Washington on Monday night.
''Because they have to have it,'' Calipari said. ''They're teetering. So  it's going to be a war.''
As for his own players, they need no motivation.
''For some of our guys, it is the Knicks,'' Calipari said. ''I don't worry about the Knicks. I didn't when I took this job. But there is a feeling around this organization by some that we're second-class citizens to the Knicks. I don't feel that way. It's true that the Knicks have a higher salary cap, more money, glamour, television exposure. But I can't worry about that. I'm trying to turn this into a Cinderella season.''
REBOUNDS
The Nets' SAM CASSELL, who sat out a loss in Cleveland on Saturday because of a bruised right shoulder blade, is expected to play tonight. . . . The Nets put the veterans XAVIER MCDANIEL and JACK HALEY on waivers yesterday. If no one claims them, both will clear on Friday, one day before the Jan. 10 deadline, when all the National Basketball Association players' contracts become guaranteed for the rest of the season. LUCIOUS HARRIS is expected to be activated from the disabled list today, and CHRIS GATLING, recovering from a stress fracture in his right leg, could be back within a couple of weeks, making McDaniel and Haley all the more expendable. ''All this does is it gives us flexibility,'' General Manager JOHN NASH said. ''We could be having either or both back sometime in the future.''
BASKETBALL<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>SIEGEL-Victor, of W. Orange, NJ, in his 91st year on September 15. Proud husband of Elaine for 65 years. Revered father, grandfather, great-grandfather and fatherin-law of Daniel, Eileen, Royce, Shepard, Stuart, Jill, Craig, Susan, Jon, Jennifer, Zoe and David. Services, Sunday, Schoems Chapel, Paramus, NJ, at 9:30AM. Dad, there was never a day you were not loved.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>SPRUNG-Milton. Beloved husband of Miriam. Devoted father of Charles (Rebecca), Barry (Mindy), and Helene (Meir). Dear brother of Harold (Reva) Sprung and Pauline (Zachary) Gronowitz. Loving grandfather of Elie, Ari, Nina, Shana, Morgan, Jessica, Shelby, Eytan, Noam and Ezra.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>HOLTZ--Eleanor. Beloved wife of the late Abraham. Devoted mother of Richard (Carol Ornstein), Carol Brown (Gary) & Sharon Mendelson (Jeff). Cherished grandmother of Julie, Dave, Ella, Michael, Robin and Jonathan. Dear sister of Sidney Shick and Norma Berman. Activist in Pioneer Women, advocate for dialysis patients. Services Friday 11:15AM, ''Sinai Chapels'', 162-05 Horace Harding Expressway, Fresh Meadows, NY. Donations may be made to Na'Amat USA, 350 5th Avenue, NY, NY 10118.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>The conductor Kurt Masur found the coughing at a recent New York Philharmonic concert so obtrusive that he stopped the orchestra, walked off the podium and didn't return until things quieted down.
I couldn't sympathize more. As a music critic, currently for Commentary, I've been battling coughers for a quarter century. I once went so far as to suggest in a review that the ushers at an especially noisy concert should have been issued baseball bats.
It could well have been at one of Mr. Masur's concerts, for New York coughers are surely the loudest in the world -- much louder, I'm told, than the German audiences to which he is accustomed -- and Philharmonic coughers are definitely the loudest in New York.
I've often wondered why people here cough so much, and so uninhibitedly. It's not the weather, at least not entirely, for I've been to totally silent concerts in other cities that took place in the dead of winter.
Many Americans think New Yorkers are just plain rude, and I suspect there's something to that, though another part of the problem is, quite simply, that we're used to noise. Everything in New York is loud: traffic, movies, Broadway shows, restaurants.
Maybe that's why our concertgoers have become desensitized to the ugly sound of their own coughing.
Alas, I must now make a reluctant confession: I'm part of the problem -- and I can't help it. Last summer, my doctor ordered me to start taking Zestril, a medication intended to lower my blood pressure. It worked perfectly, with only one minor side effect: Zestril makes me cough.
It never occurred to me that lowering my blood pressure would have an adverse effect on my professional life. Imagine my horror, then, when I realized midway through a concert at Carnegie Hall that I had joined the legion of the bronchially challenged, and that my own etiquette left much to be desired.
I know the drill -- close your mouth if you can, cover it if you can't -- yet there I was with mouth wide open, heedlessly hacking away like a trumpeter swan.
Suddenly I felt a tap on my shoulder. It was the person sitting behind me, offering me a cough drop. I blushed, accepted it with whispered thanks and spent the rest of the evening trying not to make a sound.
Since then, I've been working harder at practicing what I preach. Rarely do I leave for a concert without putting cough drops in my pocket, though I sometimes forget them, just as I occasionally fail to cover my mouth; even after half a season of hard work, it's not yet automatic.
As I say, I don't blame Mr. Masur for getting mad at coughers, but I do hope he'll try to keep in mind that not everyone in New York coughs with malice aforethought. Some of us, in fact, are deeply embarrassed to be among the ranks of his tormentors.
So the next time you hear an unmuted bass-baritone whoop issuing from an aisle seat in Avery Fisher Hall, Maestro, please don't shoot the music critic -- who, after all, is doing his best.
Terry Teachout is writing a biography of H. L. Mencken.<|endofarticle|><|startofarticle|>LEAD: An article in Science Times on Feb. 20 about a new class of materials that respond to light by rearranging the electric charges in their microscopic structures misstated an affiliation of Dr. Jack Feinberg. He is at the University of Southern California.
An article in Science Times on Feb. 20 about a new class of materials that respond to light by rearranging the electric charges in their microscopic structures misstated an affiliation of Dr. Jack Feinberg. He is at the University of Southern California.<|endofarticle|>