I'm curious about this statement, is it a known understanding amongst
Christian believers that people who don't understand the Christian
doctrines are enjoying this state? I come from a background with 
a heavy Christian teaching (Lutheran church), and consider myself
knowledgeable with the basic understandings of Christianity. At the 
same time I'm *not* proud of things I don't understand or know of at
this point of time. Ignorance is not bliss!<<BOUNDARY>>But, I think it 's the best way
to avoid the most problematic and potentially harmful questions of the
Christian worldview.  Here is my thought process:  1 . What is the " God" as described in the New Test ant ? Is he just another " deity "  or is he more than one " deity " ? 2 . The following is one of my favorite statements that I have seen in the Christian  community, it seems like an answer to the question of " What is the God ? " 3. What is the " gift " that we are the Christian people are supposed to have received in Christ (or whatever the meaning of the word is in the Christian community )? 4 . What is the " purpose " for which we are the Christian people?

And the reason that the Soviet Union couldn't achieve the ideal of pure
communism was the hostility of surrounding capitalist nations...Uh huh.
Somehow, this all sounds familiar.  Once again, utopian dreams are 
confronted by the real world...<<BOUNDARY>> In his book The Communist Myth, Peter Drucker writes: "We have to be careful to not let ourselves be fooled by a theory which, at the time of this writing, can be seen as having been put forward as a kind of answer to the challenge of Communism, and a kind of way of getting along in the 'real world' with other people, the world in which we live." And the problem with that is that the whole time you were reading this article I was thinking of you, Peter Drucker, and your book, and the problems of our time... It's not that we can be fooled by a theory.  It's that we have to be careful to not allow ourselves to be fooled by a theory. This is why the communist utops are so important to me.  Because they are not, in fact, a theoretical answer.  No, they are a reality check and we need them in our lives, because they are the real world that we have to get along in. We need it so badly, we can't afford to be fooled. This is the problem and I have been doing the most that I can to deal with it. The problem isn't that people can't be fooled. No. The problem is that we have to be careful to not let ourselves be fooled by a theory. And we can't afford to be fooled.

Wait a minute.  I agree with you that people have to take responsibility
for their own behavior (I assume that's what you meant by the word
"account"), but also for "the behavior of their immediate community"?
First of all, how "immediate" are you talking about, and secondly, I
have a lot of trouble with any theory of social behavior or justice
which charges anyone with the duty of taking responsibility for or
accounting for the actions of a different person...<<BOUNDARY>> I also find it odd that you use the "immediates" part of your phrase without saying why "immediates" are the ones you mean, or what you mean by "immediate community" (I assume you mean a group, such as a group of children or an entire city? I don't understand your usage of the term) I also think your statement "I agree with you that people have to take responsibility but also for the behavior of their immediate community" is a bit confusing if you don't explain your meaning, because it seems to make you a bit more of a "justice warrior", and that's a bit off-putting. I would prefer to hear what people like me think is the correct, or better, meaning of a phrase, than to be told that I have to be a justice warrior, even if it's the only term people seem to want

Last year Brein Taylor was in A ball, probably at Tampa in the
Florida State League.  I believe he began this year in AA which
is Albany.  Hopefully George won't rush him and he'll be
allowed to progress at his own rate to AAA and then to the
Bronx.  This guy is the real thing. <<BOUNDARY>> It's the year of The King,
the year the Bronx is the new Florida and everyone needs to know it and it's going to be glorious.  This kid is a beast and should be in all the top prospect lists and probably the best in the American League. 
As for other players, I just don't believe they're ready.  There's some players in the organization, such as Aaron Harang, who are ready but they're a long ways from the majors.  I think the biggest problem for a lot of players is they're not ready to handle the big league schedule.   I do believe if a guy is going to break through, it's going to be him or the next guy.  I can see players who have great potential but who are not ready to handle big league life. If you want to be a professional baseball player, you have to be ready to handle it and not feel overwhelmed by it.


I am looking for a wide band analog time delay (not phase delay)
variable from 200 microseconds to 2 milliseconds.<<BOUNDARY>> I've been looking for this for about 6 months and am looking for something that will sound clean. My current setup will go from about 20 microseconds to about 100 microseconds depending on the amount of delay. If you have this please send me an email or PM me. I'll try to help you out.
The first stage is a 3-pole pot that's the same size as a standard pot. The third pole is an inductor to control the output level of the delay. The second stage is a potentiometer and a second pot to control the delay. This is the simplest method and is great for people who have limited time constraints. I don't use one of these.
The second stage is a potentiometer. It goes from a high value (1 to 10,000) to a low value (0 to 1,000). It has a range of 0 - 0.2 ms. I can control any value.
Here the second stage is used. It's a 3-pole pot that's the same size as the first stage. The fourth pole is the inductor. The middle pole is the second stage potentiometer. The second stage potentiometer controls the delay.
The second stage is a 3-pole pot. It's the same size as the first stage. The third pole is a inductor to control the output level of the delay. The middle pole is a second stage potentiometer and a second pot to control delay

What kind of brainless clod posted the above garbage? Would they be
so kind as to explain how this is "Clinton's" initiative, when it
has been before Congress for "at least the past 6 months"? Jeez, the next thing you know, they'll be blaming the weather on the poor guy. They'll be blaming World War II on him. They'll be blaming the Civil War on him. Maybe the Thirty Years War? <<BOUNDARY>> I don't know. But this is what the "Clinton's" brain has become. This is what people think they will be doing when they vote for Clinton. And what is this? I'm sorry, "Clinton's", but we can have a bit of decency if you just stop saying this crap. This is what "Clinton's" brain has become. What "Clinton's" brain has become? And you will know it when you see it! This is what the "Clinton's" brain has become. This is what people think they would be doing when they vote for Clinton. What the "Clinton's" brain has become. This is what people think they would be doing when they vote for Clinton. You can say this crap all you want. It won't matter. This is what the "Clinton's" brain has become.

I agree with most of what Phill says, except the point about it being in
our interests to bring down the oil price.  Consider that both the U.S.
and Great Britain have domestic sources to partly satisfy 
their energy needs.    Pricy OPEC oil impacts both Germany,
Japan and many other "industrial rivals" more than these two.  
In addition, the proceeds from the sale (especially by Saudi Arabia, Kuwait
U.A.E. etc) are disproportionately reinvested in the U.S. and G.B., 
propping up these economies and further providing an incentive 
to keep prices from falling too low. <<BOUNDARY>>  We'd be foolish to think that the oil
price is not the most important factor in this game, but I've read plenty of
people say "we will not drop our production and then the oil price will be
back where it was" - we would be foolish to think they'd have anything but
a short-term strategy (if they have a strategy at all)  (even though there are
many other ways it could end).  The bottom line is that Saudi Arabia,
Kuwait and the other OPEC countries have a long term strategy with a plan
and will act based on that strategy. And that's what matters.
And for now, they are not acting to make the price fall as the price is going down.
I think it's safe to say that Saudi Arabia will NOT be the one to drop oil price
(they are not the only OPEC producer)   It could be Kuwait or the other
OPEC producers, who are going to be forced to lower.  They are not going
to go up and then the price is going to go down again.   I've said repeatedly that
we are witnessing the end of an era and that the "era" is over, not because the 
oil industry is in any way over - we are merely transitioning to a new era and there
is plenty of oil left to pump - but rather that we are witnessing the end of an economic era.

I know this is just setting myself up, but this is actually one of the
things that is really good about BMW bikes.  From all accounts I've
heard practically no one steals BMWs. Probably it is similar for Moto
Guzzis and other relative "exotics" since there isn't a large demand
for parts and the bike would be much easier to track down. It seems
that the most stolen bikes are Harleys and 600cc Jap sport bikes.<<BOUNDARY>> That
might be because the riders don't care that much for the bike and they
can sell it for a small fortune with no problems if it was a Harley (it is
more of a BMW though) or because Harley riders are much more likely to
use it for their "fun". I'm also not sure that BMW is as good at tracking
down bikes as Harley, but if Harley is so good, why isn't it better.
I really really really hate that the bikes aren't locked up at all times. The
people that do steal bikes really shouldn't have access to them. There have
been times during my entire life where some dude stole my bike and
put it under someone else's car, I've been told that the bike was locked
up at night and the next morning I see my bike in the yard where someone had
put it, the person has no idea it was stolen! This would only happen in some
counties where bikes were not locked at all, and I don't know if there is any
reason for the bikes to be left at all.
I really really REALLY hate that the people that steal bikes are so much more likely
to be on drugs than others. The reason being, they can get more for a bike.
It makes a difference if it is a Harley or a BMW, just because people are so
happy to get the bike doesn't mean their not going to steal it.

I am selling my trusty Husky... hopefully to buy a Husaberg...  This is a very good dirt bike and has been maintained perfectly.  I never had any problems with it. It's a four stroke, 4 valves, liquid cooled engine. It is heavier than a 250 2 stroke but still lighter than a Honda XR600 and has a lot better suspension (Ohlins shock, Husky fork) than the XR. For the casual or non competitive rider, the engine is much better than any two stroke. You can easily lug up hills and blast through trails with minimum gear changes. The 1992 ignition and the carefully tuned carburation makes this bike very easy to start (starts of first kick when cold or hot).  There is a custom made carbon/kevlar (light 1 pound) wrap around skid plate to protect the engine cases and the water pump.  The steering angle has been reduced by 2 degree to increase steering quickness. This with the suspension tune-up by Phil Douglas of Aftershock (Multiple time ISDE rider) gives it a better ride than most bike: plush suspension, responsive steering with no head shake. So if it is such a good bike why sell it???? Gee, I want to buy a Husaberg, which just a husky but 25 pounds lighter... and a tad more $$$. <<BOUNDARY>>